Father’s father, our grandfather, wore it in all his wars.” (She still did not take out what she was holding in her reticule.)

It sailed on carelessly amidst a stream of insults and shouts.

Do come!” and putting out his hand to her bouquet and dropping his voice, he added, “You will be the prettiest there.

Before I had time to re-light it, came the damnable smell again.

But there, in short," and the sun of relief peered through the glooms of conscience, "I did nothing.

LXXXIX.

No; he is thinking that it is with the feet that one dances; so, when he has succeeded in severing his fetters, his first idea is that now he can dance, and he calls the saw the _bastringue_ (public-house ball).—A name is a centre; profound assimilation.—The ruffian has two heads, one of which reasons out his actions and leads him all his life long, and the other which he has upon his shoulders on the day of his death; he calls the head which counsels him in crime _la sorbonne_, and the head which expiates it _la tronche_.—When a man has no longer anything but rags upon his body and vices in his heart, when he has arrived at that double moral and material degradation which the word blackguard characterizes in its two acceptations, he is ripe for crime; he is like a well-whetted knife; he has two cutting edges, his distress and his malice; so slang does not say a blackguard, it says _un réguisé_.—What are the galleys?

CHILDREN O' THE MOON I To-night, perhaps, after the rain is done, Led by a moonbeam or the flickering torch The firefly flares, amid the loneliness, The hereditary loneliness of the trees, I, too, may see,--as sees the star that peeps Through interlacing boughs, the toadstools heave Their white roofs through the ferns, like goblin huts, An elfin town; and, squatting on their tops, Punch-bellied things, peak-kneed, their knees up-drawn To perpendicular eyes of glow-worm flame, And arms akimbo i' the light o' the moon, Watching the dew-drops tag the toadstools' rims, Or from the mushroom roll the orbéd rain: Or, where the tall weed drips and spunkwood smells Make musk the underwoods, slim woodland imps,-- Snail-eyed, frog-footed,--oust the sleeping bees From rocking cradles of the wild flowers' bells Belfrying, with foxglove-purple, a moonbeam space.

He would make a bouquet to offer Leonora as she came by.

She stood breast high amid the corn Clasp'd by the golden light of morn, Like the sweetheart of the sun, Who many a glowing kiss had won.

And it is not proper for the Kshatryas to destroy those who cannot fight.--T.

It was dusk again, that redolent hour.

It was quite twilight in the great barn, and a mingled smell of hay and pitch-pine filled the air, while dusty beams of light filtered through in steady streams.

'Tis this, lad: you must get one of thim gasolin' launches that move like the divil and smell like the sleepin' sickness!

They're the place for perfumed talk."

Not one of those self-constituted saints, Quacks--not physicians--in the cure of souls, Censors who sniff out mortal taints, And call the devil over his own coals-- Those pseudo Privy Councillors of God, Who write down judgments with a pen hard-nibb'd; Ushers of Beelzebub's Black Rod, Commending sinners, not to ice thick-ribb'd, But endless flames, to scorch them up like flax-- Yet sure of heav'n themselves, as if they'd cribb'd Th' impression of St. Peter's keys in wax!

On the Opposition benches he caught the ironic glitter of a pair of spectacles, the convulsions of a white chin quivering over two folded arms, as if a kindly, indulgent smile had greeted his parade of so many musty and faded commonplaces.

And seeing blue lawns, and perfumed woods, replete with honey and filled with mountains, he held his way by the central thoroughfare, And that foremost of monkeys, the energetic Hanuman, went by hills filled with trees, and ranges of blossoming woods.

Dr. Cairn had busied himself that evening in the sick-room, burning some pungent preparation, to the amazement of the nurse and of the consultants.

However, as secrets are brought to light, And mischief comes home like chickens at night; And rivers are track'd throughout their course, And forgeries traced to their proper source;-- And the sow that ought By the ear is caught,-- And the sin to the sinful door is brought; And the cat at last escapes from the bag-- And the saddle is placed on the proper nag; And the fog blows off, and the key is found-- And the faulty scent is pick'd out by the hound-- And the fact turns up like a worm from the ground-- And the matter gets wind to waft it about; And a hint goes abroad, and the murder is out-- And the riddle is guess'd--and the puzzle is known-- So the truth was sniff'd, and the Trumpet was _blown_!

Small fires were kindled by some of the men, and the unmistakable scent of glowing dung chips savored the dark clouds of smoke that drifted out across the river's surface.

His face is like a Druid's face, With wrinkles furrow'd deep, And tann'd by scorching suns as brown As corn that's ripe to reap; But the hair on brow, and cheek, and chin, Is white as wool of sheep.

“Well, madam,” he began, stooping over the book close to his daughter and placing an arm on the back of the chair on which she sat, so that she felt herself surrounded on all sides by the acrid scent of old age and tobacco, which she had known so long.

He was conscious of the warmth of her body, the scent of perfume, and the creaking of her corset as she moved.

The crane's intellect was blinded with the smell of his flesh, so he took him up, and soaring aloft carried him towards the slab of rock.

Perhaps she is already dead."

Her perfume was like incense; her manner perfect reverence.

And after the brief refreshment of worshipping Siva, they went on and reached a splendid lofty jambu-tree, the fruits of which were ripe and falling on the ground.

Rafael recoiled instinctively from the warm breath of that panting, furious muzzle which was reaching for his leg; but the dog, after a second's hesitation, began to wag its tail with pleasure; and was content merely to sniff at the boy's trousers so as to make absolutely sure of an old friend's identity.

A faint, delicate odour of balsam, incense, and other aromatic drugs spread through the room like the odour of an apothecary's shop.

The riverside was already crowded with mourners, for there had been many deaths, and the air was acrid from the smoke of cremation pyres.

There has been the royal sceptre surmounted by a fleur-de-lys, there has been the imperial sceptre surmounted by a globe, there has been the sceptre of Charlemagne, which was of iron, there has been the sceptre of Louis the Great, which was of gold,—the revolution twisted them between its thumb and forefinger, ha’penny straws; it is done with, it is broken, it lies on the earth, there is no longer any sceptre, but make me a revolution against that little embroidered handkerchief, which smells of patchouli!

At each corner of the room great sheaves of flowers filled tall vases, held in place by pedestals, and scattered their perfume through the cool shade of the hall.

The torch had been placed in a sort of cage of paving-stones closed on three sides to shelter it from the wind, and disposed in such a fashion that all the light fell on the flag.

And the Count?--to the snow-white lambs at play, And all the scents and the sights of May, And the birds that warbled their passion, His ears and dark eyes, and decided nose, Were as deaf and as blind and as dull as those That overlook the Bouquet de Rose, The Huile Antique, The Parfum Unique, In a Barber's Temple of Fashion.

"Why, like a ripe chestnut?"

Whatever she does, and wherever she is, that charm, that indescribable perfume of genuine womanhood attends her, goes with her, exhales from her, which belongs of right to all the sex, and is, or ought to be, the invariable atmosphere and common aureola of old as well as young.

But those!...” and he made a gesture of contempt.

The ripeness of Religion is doubtless to be looked for in this field of individuality, and is a result that no organization or church can ever achieve.

To breathe was to scent a nosegay.

Yet hunger was growing within for his own people; a passion to tell them; rather to make them see that all their aims and possessions were not worth one moment, such as he had spent, watching the breast of old _God-Mother_ whiten, with the consciousness of God walking in the mountain-winds, the scent of camphor, lotos, sandal and wild-honey in His garments.

The air reeked of mead, and the miasma of loose talk rising from twenty throats.

Later there were others such as trying to persuade the fetid one’s Chinese girlfriend to buy him a white shirt and necktie so that he could apply at the Bangkok Metropolitan Transportation Department and thereby resurrect himself as an economic deliverer and a masculine force to be admired instead of dog excrement on his brothers’ heels that he perceived them as perceiving him to be.

I felt as though he had brought a whiff of his own pure ocean breezes into our close and noisome prison, and left us the sweeter and the healthier.

Even in his childhood this boy had always taken pleasure in benefiting his fellow-men, as he had practised that virtue in a former life; in fact he seemed like the ripe result of the merits of the king's subjects incarnate in bodily form.

Two hours of veiled insult and pungent gossip had passed all too soon.

“I loved your father... and she will make you a good wife... God bless you!...” He embraced his daughter, and then again Pierre, and kissed him with his malodorous mouth.

"Inglish, stand there."

Sweet as the ‘Bride’ was, no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other craft of those times, the odour of this interior, improved as it was by the flaring snuff of the lamp, not to mention a decidedly warm night, was by no means of the most delicious.

And being duly bathed he shall worship thee particularly, with garlands, jewels, scents and _oshadhis_.

The ground did not eagerly swallow the fetid and sweet liquid and his recidivist urine came back to the sidewalk with the insistence of a foul stream.

As he crossed the dam Prince Andrew smelled the ooze and freshness of the pond.

Hawksworth's eyes were seared now from the smoke and the smell of burning flesh.

Spring winds said, "He is coming;" the perfume of opening buds was sweet with his far-off presence; the very gales that chased the clouds, to her fancy chased the minutes as well; the waking up of the household and farm activities, said that now Diana's inner life would come back to its wonted course and arrangements.

Once you gave a blossom of it, Smiling, to me when I left: Need I tell you how I love it Faded though it is now!--'Reft Of its fragrance and its color, Yet 'tis dearer now than then,--As past happiness is when Life regrets.--And dimmer, duller Though its beauty be, when I Look upon it, I recall Every part of that old wall; And the dingy window high, Where you sat and read; and all The fond love that made your face A soft sunbeam in that place: And the plant that grew this bloom Withered here, itself long dead, Makes a halo overhead There again--and through my room, Like faint whispers of perfume, Steal the words of love then said.

"Why, no, not to-day; not before the pear is ripe will we pluck it!

“We had soup for dinner and the potatoes are grand!” Pierre had not eaten all day and the smell of the potatoes seemed extremely pleasant to him.

As soon as Nicholas entered in his hussar uniform, diffusing around him a fragrance of perfume and wine, and had uttered the words “better late than never” and heard them repeated several times by others, people clustered around him; all eyes turned on him, and he felt at once that he had entered into his proper position in the province—that of a universal favorite: a very pleasant position, and intoxicatingly so after his long privations.

Thénardier intuitively felt that Javert was still there; the man spied upon has a scent which never deceives him; it was necessary to fling a bone to that sleuth-hound.

The sea, as a vocation, I did not love; but very different from the discipline of a man-of-war’s quarter-deck, and the fever-breeding tedium of stagnant and broiling stations, was the business of navigating the blue brine in a large richly-equipped yacht, of chasing the sun as one chose, of storing one’s mind with memories of the glittering pageantry of noble and shining rivers, and green and sparkling scenes of country radiant and aromatic with the vegetation of tropic heights and distant sea-board cities, past the gleam of the coral strand with a scent of sandalwood in the offshore breeze, and boats of strange form and rig, gay as aquatic parrots, sliding along the turquoise surface to the strains of a chant as Asiatic as the smell of the hubble-bubble.

It is Cape Town--the other side of the world; when ’tis ice and northern blasts with us, it is the fragrance of the moon-lily and a warm heaven of quiet stars with them.’ He struck the table, smothering some wild curse or other behind his set teeth, next leaped from his chair and fell to pacing the room, now and again muttering to himself with an occasional flourish of his arm.

Everything that surrounded him, that peaceful garden, those fragrant flowers, those children who uttered joyous cries, those grave and simple women, that silent cloister, slowly permeated him, and little by little, his soul became compounded of silence like the cloister, of perfume like the flowers, of simplicity like the women, of joy like the children.

The wood in the pit smelled of _ghee_ and rose-scented coconut oil.

It is reassuring.

It is true, he was preserved in comparative purity though he roamed unbridled around the world.

What a figure it cut when as Norval I spoke!

As I write, the whole experience comes back to me after the lapse of forty and more years--the soothing rustle of the waves, and the saline smell--boyhood's times, the clam-digging, bare-foot, and with trowsers roll'd up--hauling down the creek--the perfume of the sedge-meadows--the hay-boat, and the chowder and fishing excursions;--or, of later years, little voyages down and out New York bay, in the pilot boats.

He thought of Remedios as a piece of green fruit--sound, free of cut or stain, and with all the color of maturity, but lacking the taste that satisfies and the perfume that enthralls.

I found perfume in these caves--great jars of it, and I use it always.

_Another Day, later_.--A grand twelve-acre field of ripe cabbages with their prevailing hue of malachite green, and floating-flying over and among them in all directions myriads of these same white butterflies.

To all of us the air had a purer flavour and the heath a sweeter scent by contrast with the grim couple whom we had left behind us.

It was thick and smelled of saffron.

You smell of powder.

I recognized Yasmini's scent on your envelope.

Somehow, Alphonso smelled of roses that night, as the two lay together in that little plaza, where the mules were picketed and the satisfied infantry slept.

Wall--blackberries ain't ripe but once in the year.

He had little time to waste in speculation, but when, as he ran out to the door, glancing at his watch, the nauseous odour suddenly rose again to his nostrils, he stopped with his hand on the latch.

He veered somehow from the sidewalk into a labyrinth of outdoor hallways that ran between stands and quasi-stores, under canvas canopies and through the smell of incense that came from a table that contained a 2-foot Buddhist statue.

He first placed him, with a large force at his heels, in readiness to protect the king of Vatsa when he returned that way, and then he went on accompanied by Vasantaka and at last arrived at the burning-ground of Mahakala in Ujjayini, which was densely tenanted by vampires [161] that smelt of carrion, and hovered hither and thither, black as night, rivalling the smoke-wreaths of the funeral pyres.

In front of them black or white slaves, with no other garment than a waist girdle, held out to them necklaces of flowers made of crocuses, the blooms of which, white outside, are yellow inside, purple safflowers, golden-yellow chrysanthemums, red-berried nightshade, myosotis whose flowers seemed made of blue enamel of the statues of Isis, and nepenthes whose intoxicating odour makes one forget everything, even the far-distant home.

The squirrel gloats on his accomplish'd hoard, The ants have brimm'd their garners with ripe grain, And honey been save stored The sweets of summer in their luscious cells; The swallows all have wing'd across the main; But here the Autumn melancholy dwells, And sighs her tearful spells Amongst the sunless shadows of the plain.

Théodule, on his side, though he scented the inheritance, was disgusted at the task of pleasing.

The time was ripe for mild expostulation, And thus it stammer'd from a stander-by-- "Zounds!--my good fellow,--it quite makes me--why, It really--my dear fellow--do just try Conciliation!"

"Don't eat what brutes would never eat, The brutes I used to pat, They'll know the smell they used to smell, Just try the dog and cat!"

I rose hastily, conscious for the first time of a headache, caused, no doubt, by the expensive and fumey perfumes in the air.

It happened to spatter a lean booby of a man as he passed, who, looking up, flattered himself that Lilith must have sprinkled him with scented water by way of showing her affection.

Do thou console thy son, favour me with orders, smell his head, as thou art going to journey in a foreign land.

At one side is the stove, with a cheerful fire of oak wood, near by a good supply of fresh sticks, whose faint aroma is plain.

Rome smells worse under Vitellius than under Sylla.

With the conviction that truth is forever the same and that there is nothing ever so novel as the truth, he had kept repeating his criticism year after year in a pure, concise, sonorous style that seemed to scatter the ripe perfume of the classics about the muggy Chamber.

And he is so clever and so good!” said Natásha.

They moved about the front rooms, filled with trophies from the deep, a Nantucketer's treasures--bits of pottery from China, weavings from the Indies, lacquers from Japan--over all, spicy reminders of far archipelagoes, and the clean fragrance of cedar.

I never told this to anyone and never will, only to you.” The governor’s wife pressed his elbow gratefully.

'They foretold also that he would attain a marshal's baton and die at a ripe age, which might well have come true had he not been unhorsed a month later at Ober-Graustock, and slain by the hoofs of his own troop.

The keen, discriminating eye of woman, overlooking neither dress nor man, found both worthy of warmest commendation, and many remarks passed between the ladies on that day that a handsomer man and more ripe and perfect gentleman than the Bourgeois Philibert had never been seen in New France.

Around him large black cauldrons of frying bread filled the dawn with the aroma of oil and spice.

Again the whip cracked.

LETHE I There is a scent of roses and spilt wine Between the moonlight and the laurel-coppice; The marble idol glimmers on its shrine, White as a star, among a heaven of poppies.

He tried to breathe them in like the smell of drying clothes in the breeze or the smells of life replicating itself eternally in the verdant greenery on the outskirts of the city.

With hurried hands the soldiers blindfolded them, drawing the sacks over their heads, and bound them to the post.

