All that struck the eye was a strong, handsome, and fertile woman.

said Lugare.

If it had been her special scent in Delhi, as Saunders swore it was, and her special scent on the note Darya Khan had carried down the Khyber, then it was hers now, and she had been in the cave.

From one of the windows of the room in which we were confined I saw him pass.

They seized a man, laid him on the bed, tore off his disgusting bandages and held their breath until the awful resulting stench had more or less dispersed.

On every hand, he told himself, the fields are ripe unto harvest, the flocks wanting a keeper.

If the lady of Beaumanoir shall find death in a bouquet of flowers, let them be roses!"

He sniffed his armpits.

Yet there were nights when he found himself sleepless, listening for sounds which had seemed to arouse him; imagining sinister whispers in his room--and imagining that he could detect the dreadful odour of the secret incense.

Hawksworth admired her a moment longer in the dawn light, then looked back at the immense forms lumbering past, trying to push aside the uneasy feeling their presence gave him.

Whom, therefore, the kind Shade rebukes anew, Saying, "Thou haggard Sin, go forth, and scoop Thy hollow coffin in some churchyard yew, Or make th' autumnal flow'rs turn pale, and droop; Or fell the bearded corn, till gleaners stoop Under fat sheaves,--or blast the piny grove;-- But here thou shall not harm this pretty group, Whose lives are not so frail and feebly wove, But leased on Nature's loveliness and love."

"Excepting these two occasions, you never dreamt it before?"

Presently he heard its pounding, and the dustless slopes rolled into the gray.... Now he sniffed the acute fragrance that rushed before it in the wind, and then it climbed the drive, deluged the _hacienda,_ and was gone....

Or the smell of coffee sometimes, when it was just at a certain stage of preparation, would turn her heart-sick.

He watched the blades chopping through the musty air and in a very minute sotto voce of his thoughts he yearned for destruction.

When he said this before the assembled multitude, they all smelled it by the king's orders, and said, "This food is prepared from white rice and is good and fragrant."

A breath of air which made its way in through the open pane, helped to dissipate the smell of the charcoal and to conceal the presence of the brazier.

His wild-looking crew ran about, the maintopsail-yard slowly swung round, and presently the deeply-laden, malodorous craft, rolling clumsily upon a swell to whose light summer heavings our yacht was curtseying with fairy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at her bows to the blowing of the mild breeze that had scarcely power enough to lift her foresail.

The ship smelled old--as if the life were gone from her timbers.

So you’ve smelt powdah!” shouted Váska Denísov just above his ear.

And they saw, at a little distance from its foot, a lake with cold and clear water, perfumed with the fragrance of lotuses.

Green summer swooned in the branches and breathed in the odours of honeysuckle, musk, and rose, yet for her there seemed no burgeoning, no bursting of the heart into song.

It might have been perpetual May-day in Radamanth's house, so flowered and scented was it.

That damned _Khamsin_ has brought a whiff of the plague from somewhere!

Home-made physic that sickens the sick; Thick for thin and thin for thick;-- In short each homogeneous trick For poisoning domesticity?

In spite of the presence in their ranks of such ripe scholars as John Milton, Colonel Hutchinson, and others, there was among the Independents and Anabaptists a profound distrust of learning, which is commented upon by writers of all shades of politics.

Their innocent faces were two delighted surprises; a blossoming shrub which grew near wafted to the passers-by perfumes which seemed to emanate from them; the child of eighteen months displayed her pretty little bare stomach with the chaste indecency of childhood.

He looked and recognizing in her both the old and the new Sónya, and being reminded by the smell of burnt cork of the sensation of her kiss, inhaled the frosty air with a full breast and, looking at the ground flying beneath him and at the sparkling sky, felt himself again in fairyland.

From the gloom came the unmistakable fragrance of musk and sandalwood.

Every cleric in the city helped to waft his soul heavenward with clouds of incense at the solemn obsequies.

And her tear-drops, black with collyrium, fall frequently, looking like bees attracted by the fragrance of her lotus-like face.

She thrust the casket from her in alarm, and retreated a few steps, imagining she smelt the odor of some deadly perfume.

Jatupon was jealous of her relationship with the fetid one but this gesture of pulling away from his brothers to take one of his bags ameliorated any negativity that the appearance had not counteracted.

... "The Other is back in New York," Cairns told her a moment later.

The maid thought she had guessed right, and continued,-- "In that case, mistress, your grief will soon end, for this morning a breathless runner arrived, announcing the triumphal return of the king before sundown.

Only he thought the strange scent grew stronger.

The bullet struck the mark, for the brute gave a fierce howl of rage and pain, but true to the scent it never turned or swerved.

MY DEAR SIR--The following Ode was written anticipating the tone of some strictures on my writings by the gentleman to whom it is addressed.

Algebra is applied to the clouds; the radiation of the star profits the rose; no thinker would venture to affirm that the perfume of the hawthorn is useless to the constellations.

I could not stir--I could not speak--I could not even see-- A sudden mist rose up between that awful Mare and me, I tried to pray, but found no words--tho' ready ripe to weep, No tear would flow,--o'er ev'ry sense a swoon began to creep,-- When lo!

"The smell of Hades, boy!"

And the next time a woman asks----" "But I didn't say----" "The next time you smell mignonette, think of it as a soporific.

Then, while he thought about a present for me that might be worthy of my return for his previous kindness, he came to the conclusion that the pearls and musk and treasures of that kind, which were at his disposal, were not valuable enough.

The evening air was flooded with the women's rose attar and musk perfume.

Most warmly and willingly I consent to the translation, and waft a prayerful God speed to the enterprise.

"I saw him, lady, and heard him," replied La Corriveau, taking the bouquet in her fingers, "but he said little more than I have told you.

Or have smelt o’ the bud o’ the briar?

What pleasures has the town to offer compared to the free gifts of nature, provided always that there be a perruquier's and a snuff merchant's, and a scent vendor's, and one or two tolerable outfitters within reach?

And they beheld that garden, the trees of which bore both flowers and fruits all the year round, [511] with many jewelled pillars, walls, lawns, and tanks; with birds of the colour of gold, with heavenly perfumed breezes, like a second Svarga descended to earth from the region of the gods.

Toward western Illinois I woke up one morning in the sleeper and the first thing when I drew the curtain of my berth and look'd out was its pretty countenance and bending neck.

He recalled the odd incidents which had already alarmed the household.

For observe, he has given to some suppliants this great elephant Kuvalayapida, the foundation of the kingdom's prosperity, that scatters with its mere smell all other elephants.

Oh, I know--it's the Springtime; all this fragrance that whips my nerves like a lash.

"I suppose it hasn't occurred to you that the fellow might have removed his mask?"

Again the younger man resumed his story, relating what he had learnt from Myra Duquesne; what she had told him about the phantom hands; what Felton had told him about the strange perfume perceptible in the house.

Then there came that way an elephant, rushing along with its elephant-hook hanging down, that driven furious by perceiving the smell of another elephant, [342] had broken its fastenings, and rushed out in a state of frenzy, breaking down the trees in its path, and had thrown its driver.

The smell of rain hinted in the evening air.

None spoke as their footsteps clattered through the musty subterranean air.

The golden glory was fading; the last creak of Miss Barry's wheels was getting out of hearing; the air was perfumed with the scents which the dew called forth.

I already smell this campaign is doomed.

She pressed the glowing flowers to her lips with passionate kisses, breathed once or twice their mortal poison, and suddenly throwing back her head with her dark eyes fixed on vacancy, but holding the fatal bouquet fast in her hands, fell dead at the feet of La Corriveau.

From the twenty-sixth of August to the second of September, that is from the battle of Borodinó to the entry of the French into Moscow, during the whole of that agitating, memorable week, there had been the extraordinary autumn weather that always comes as a surprise, when the sun hangs low and gives more heat than in spring, when everything shines so brightly in the rare clear atmosphere that the eyes smart, when the lungs are strengthened and refreshed by inhaling the aromatic autumn air, when even the nights are warm, and when in those dark warm nights, golden stars startle and delight us continually by falling from the sky.

"The favorite of king Ernesto.... Our greatest artist."

O thou of dark-blue eyes, fine is thy garland, fine is the smell of thy person and fine is thy apparel--methinks fine is thy husband too.

While the dew was not yet off her flowers, she would smell their sweetness alone.

The scream of the whistle, the grinding jar of the wheels, the oppressive odour of Mr Waggett's bouquet--I leaned back on her to recover my wits.

His whole being was at work, the instinct which scents out, and the intelligence which combines.

'Ah, here's a ripe rounding influence,' said I.

He had matted hair, he diffused a brightness of his own, and he seemed like the god of Fire, blazing with mighty flame, having become incarnate in the body of a Brahman, in order to consume once more the Khandava forest; [431] he was clothed in the skin of a black antelope, he had an ascetic's water-vessel in his left hand, and on his right wrist he bore a rosary of Aksha-seeds by way of a bracelet; the perfumed earth that he used in bathing was stuck on the horns of the deer that came with him, and he was accompanied by some other hermit-boys like himself.

I say all this is what people like--and I am sure I like it.

Then I could start again at once.” “A spare wheel?” “Yes.” “I have no wheel on hand that would fit your cabriolet.

By smelling the smell of that sacrifice all thy wives will obtain sons.'

Mumtaz lay against a bolster, a fresh scarf tied around her head and a roller bound about her abdomen, taking a draft of strong, garlic- scented asafetida gum as Jadar came into the room.

Chapter XVI Wolf met wolf in the dawning day Where scent hung sweet over trodden clay, And square each stood in the jungle way Eyeing the other with ears laid back.

It reeked up in the air around me.

And the crowd, drunk with the smell of powder, began to shout and gesticulate in the presence of that bronze image, whose round, kindly face--that of a healthy well-fed friar--seemed to quiver with life in the light of the torches.

Of course many and very contradictory things, specialties, developments, constitutional views, &c., went to make up the origin of the war--but the most significant general fact can be best indicated and stated as follows: For twenty-five years previous to the outbreak, the controling "Democratic" nominating conventions of our Republic--starting from their primaries in wards or districts, and so expanding to counties, powerful cities, States, and to the great Presidential nominating conventions--were getting to represent and be composed of more and more putrid and dangerous materials.

It seemed to Pierre that even the prince was disconcerted.

go to your own world of mortals, you are out of place here."

In the spring or autumn, quiet Sunday forenoons, I liked to go down early to the quaint ship-cabin-looking church where the old man minister'd--to enter and leisurely scan the building, the low ceiling, everything strongly timber'd (polish'd and rubb'd apparently,) the dark rich colors, the gallery, all in half-light--and smell the aroma of old wood--to watch the auditors, sailors, mates, "matlows," officers, singly or in groups, as they came in--their physiognomies, forms, dress, gait, as they walk'd along the aisles--their postures, seating themselves in the rude, roomy, undoor'd, uncushion'd pews--and the evident effect upon them of the place, occasion, and atmosphere.

I think that scent is the preservative.

The perfume of her presence seemed to linger about him when she had gone, obsessing him with the atmosphere of superiority and exotic elegance that emanated from her whole being.

I have already put on record my notions of T. and his effusions: they are very attractive and flowery to me--but flowers, too, are at least as profound as anything; and by common consent T. is settled as the poetic cream-skimmer of our age's melody, _ennui_ and polish--a verdict in which I agree, and should say that nobody (not even Shakspere) goes deeper in those exquisitely touch'd and half-hidden hints and indirections left like faint perfumes in the crevices of his lines.

And one day, when he was on a slab of rock, he beheld near him a certain man about to commit suicide by hanging himself.

While king Bhunandana was engaged in these reflections, bees came and surrounded him on account of the fragrant perfume of his body, that had been sprinkled with the liquor offered by the Asura maiden.

‘By which I mean to say,’ continued the captain, giving his back hair a pull as though it were some bell-rope with which he desired to ring up the invention or imagination that lay drowsy in his brain, ‘that if we aren’t on to the “Shark” this side the Line it’ll be better for us to tarn to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore her, without further troubling ourselves about her heaving in sight, though, of course, the same bright look-out’ll be kept.’ ‘Good,’ said Wilfrid with a heavy emphatic nod; ‘that’s not to be bettered, I think, Charles.’ ‘I suppose,’ said I, addressing Finn, ‘that, though your hope will be to pick up the “Shark” any day after a given period, and though you’ll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler’s navigation will admit, you will still go on sweating--pray pardon this word in its sea sense, Miss Jennings--your craft as though the one business of the expedition was to make the swiftest possible passage to the Cape of Good Hope?’ ‘Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she’s something to jockey, Mr. Monson.

He could smell his body odor like any dog getting its molecular high.

Yet, in truth, I did but now smell a savour as of hell; and there was a raven here, a black villain of a bird that croaked 'Abracadabra to the letter.'"

It was her perfume in the air.

That night Gorlois sat in a room hung with black velvet, where a brazier held a dying fire, and a bowl thereon steamed up perfumes in a heavy vapour.

But that was neither here nor there in the estimation of the habitans, so long as his law smelt strong in the nostrils of their opponents in litigation.

"I smell it.

The goblin was developed under the fetid covering of the Mouffetard sewer; the corpses of the Marmousets had been cast into the sewer de la Barillerie; Fagon attributed the redoubtable malignant fever of 1685 to the great hiatus of the sewer of the Marais, which remained yawning until 1833 in the Rue Saint-Louis, almost opposite the sign of the _Gallant Messenger_.

The stream of city talk from the lips of the two ladies had the merit of being perfect of its kind--softly insinuating and sweetly censorious, superlative in eulogy and infallible in opinion.

Even the old man he was answering had adopted, to be original in everything, that selfsame conciseness: every sentence of his contained two or three ideas.

The heavy, sickly sweet odour almost overpowered them, but, grimly set upon their purpose, they, after one moment of hesitancy, crept on.

I had to shut my eyes at the very remembrance of Miss Fenne's prim and musty drawing-room.

She dropped herself on the grass beside me, brushing with her dress the scent of wild thyme into the dewy air, and caught my hands in hers.

But now the novelty of this present experience, the flowery cottages, Mr Waggett's square, sorrel nag, the ballooning northwesterly clouds, the aromatic rusty hedgerows, the rooks in the cornfields--all these sights and sounds called joy into my mind, and far too soon the bright-painted railway station at the hill-bottom hove into sight, and our drive was over.

Who hath not felt that breath in the air, A perfume and freshness strange and rare, A warmth in the light, and a bliss everywhere, When young hearts yearn together?

