The porter was a thousand leagues from recognizing in this correct bourgeois, in this probable notary, the fear-inspiring bearer of the corpse, who had sprung up at his door on the night of the 7th of June, tattered, muddy, hideous, haggard, his face masked in blood and mire, supporting in his arms the fainting Marius; still, his porter’s scent was aroused.

In the centre of the room, on a table supported by prisoners bound by the elbows, so skilfully carved that they seemed to live and suffer, bloomed a vast bouquet of flowers whose sweet scent perfumed the atmosphere.

'Life is indeed life on such a night as this,' quoth he, as we breathed in the fresh country air with the reeks of crops and of kine.

But when spoken by an Englishman of ripe experience it becomes a matter of instructive criticism, which should profit rather than annoy.'

But that particular mix spelled out that he, Jatupon, was really the fetid one and he hated the fetid one for it.

He saw that Le Gardeur was ripe for ruin.

‘So would I,’ said the man next to him.

you are alive, that’s the best of it!” “I am cold,” said Jean Valjean.

His lips were lightly red, and his perfume a mixture of flowers and musk.

And blood mixed with froth gushed by the sides of the shafts, like torrents flowing from fountain in a hill[44] stupified in battle by the shafts shot by Rama, and maddened by the smell of blood, Khara furiously made for Rama.

I like its acrid smell--whiffs just reaching me--welcomer than French perfume.

And Hanuman saw a splendid sofa garnished with gold, bearing garlands of _acoka_ blossoms,--flaming like fire; around which persons kept waving with their hands _chowris_ furnished with hair[275]; rife with perfumes of various kinds; odorous with rich _dhupa_, spread with excellent sheets; covered with the skins of rams; and decked on all sides with chaplets of gorgeous flowers.

In this case he did well and in that case badly.

You know the Viceroy has always been of service to Queen Janahara."

Pierre said nothing; he looked fixedly at his friend with surprise.

CHAPTER X During the entr’acte a whiff of cold air came into Hélène’s box, the door opened, and Anatole entered, stooping and trying not to brush against anyone.

He was every inch an orator!

He loved the long shadow of the mountains, the still dusty roads where the cattle moved so softly that the dust never rose above their knees; the smell of wood-smoke in the dusk, the legends of the gods, scents of the high forest, the thoughts which nourished his days and nights, and the brilliant stars, so steady and eternal, and so different from the steaming constellations of Luzon;--he loved it all, and saw these things, as one home from bitter exile.

By the nose on my face, Mr. Monson, I smell a strong wind a-coming.’ It did not need the faculty of smell to hit the truth.

For him, Cosette was a perfume and not a woman.

And yet the moon was the "Young May Moon," And the scented hawthorn had blossom'd soon, And the thrush and the blackbird were singing-- The snow-white lambs were skipping in play, And the bee was humming a tune all day To flowers, as welcome as flowers in May, And the trout in the stream was springing!

Perhaps the closest was a brisk mug of spiced ale, pungent with clove and cinnamon.

Then that subduer of foes, Hanuman, leaving off the guise of a beggar, in his native shape produced a fire with two pieces of wood.

War elephants and perfumed waters, in the same palace.

Across the broad valley of the St. Charles, covered with green fields and ripening harvests, and dotted with quaint old homesteads, redolent with memories of Normandy and Brittany, rose a long mountain ridge covered with primeval woods, on the slope of which rose the glittering spire of Charlebourg, once a dangerous outpost of civilization.

A passion, indeed, grew within him to make his people see that real life has no concern with wrestlings in fetid valleys, but up, up the rising roads--poised with faith, and laughing with power--until through a rift in the mountains, they are struck by the light of God's face, and shine back--like the peaks of Kashmir to the moon.

You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

He shivered in abject terror, drew the fur cloak tighter around him, without knowing what he was about, and shook his head in energetic denial.

"Haste, then, and bid her come to-morrow night!

THE LITTLE PEOPLE I When the lily nods in slumber, And the roses are all sleeping; When the night hangs deep and umber, And the stars their watch are keeping: When the clematis uncloses Like a hand of snowy fire; And the golden-lipped primroses, To the tiger-moths' desire, Each a mouth of musk unpuckers-- Silken pouts of scented sweetness, Which they sip with honey-suckers:-- Shod with hush and winged with fleetness, You may see the Little People, Round and round the drowsy steeple Of a belfried hollyhock,-- Clad in phlox and four-o'-clock, Gay of gown and pantaloon,-- Dancing by the glimmering moon, Till the cock, the long-necked cock, Crows them they must vanish soon.

By the first week of September, they were so near India they could almost smell land, but he dared not try for landfall.

So that he will."

"Friends, with no hope of anything more than that.

_Good_ news, which Sir W., trusting in my patience and commonsense, had kept back from me until he could deliver it in person and we could enjoy it together.

No essences or perfumes or powders; no curling sticks or crimping pins; no rats or cats, cushions or frames, or skeletons of any sort, were there for the help of the rustic beauty; and neither did she need them.

CHAPTER XXX.

And Padmavati perceived that Vasavadatta was a person of very high rank, by her shape, her delicate softness, the graceful manner in which she sat down, and ate, and also by the smell of her body, which was fragrant as the blue lotus, and so she entertained her with luxurious comfort to her heart's content, even such as she enjoyed herself.

Then a poor little dead leaf, long frost-bound, whirls from somewhere up aloft in one wild escaped freedom-spree in space and sunlight, and then dashes down to the waters, which hold it closely and soon drown it out of sight.

Many years have passed, yet at the very whisper of his name, that inexpressible odour clouds up into my nose.

With joy, a sentence he had once heard returned, "Prayer is not catching God's attention, but permitting him to hold ours!"...

And the king immediately had the squeamish gentleman sent for, and said to him, "How can this lovely woman, who has perfumed herself with sandal-wood, camphor, black aloes, and other splendid scents, so that she diffuses exquisite fragrance through the whole world, smell like a goat?"

The silver veil was removed and he performed the _teslim_, the fatigue in his face beginning to show.

Next to the couch was a round rosewood table holding several small brass vials of perfume and incense.

Favourite, Dahlia, Zéphine, and Fantine were four ravishing young women, perfumed and radiant, still a little like working-women, and not yet entirely divorced from their needles; somewhat disturbed by intrigues, but still retaining on their faces something of the serenity of toil, and in their souls that flower of honesty which survives the first fall in woman.

The peaked oak door, spangled with broad iron nails, had a gloomy and surly aspect, but the hall within was lightful and airy, with a bright polished cedar planking, and high panelling of some dark-grained wood which gave forth a pleasant smell as of violets.

The doctor and valet lifted the cloak with which he was covered and, making wry faces at the noisome smell of mortifying flesh that came from the wound, began examining that dreadful place.

He was new and glorious and the lost and forlorn being that was Jatupon had fallen from him effortlessly like the stink of scathing skin that he had showered away in the morning.

'Ah, Micah lad, I'd embrace you were it not that I should assuredly fall out of the saddle if I attempted it, and perchance drag you along.

Mountainous clouds sailed radiant over ridge and spur, and it might have been Elysium where souls wandered through meads of asphodel.

The whim had occurred to him as he left the city and saw the first orange-trees laden with the blossoms whose perfume had for many months been holding the songstress there in patient expectation.

Though the wicked Khara of Janasthana hath been slain by him on Surpanakha's account, yet how is he to blame for it?

She accepted the bouquet of violets from the young man's hand, inhaling their fragrance with evidence of keen enjoyment.

I have convinced you.” When Balashëv had ended, Napoleon again took out his snuffbox, sniffed at it, and stamped his foot twice on the floor as a signal.

The heavy, sickly scent of strawberries was in the air.

“There has never been an instance of a bluestocking being carried away by affairs of the heart”—a statement which, though gathered from an unknown source, he believed implicitly.

But Kali was scrubbed and perfumed each day like a flower.

Under the curious, devouring glances of the whole market throng, Rafael smilingly greeted her, feasting his eyes on her fresh, pink skin, still radiant from the morning bath, inhaling the subtle, indefinable fragrance that hovered about that strong, healthy, youthful person.

Merely the colour of a hill at sunset was enough to flash back her thoughts to an hour when she was looking for Evan; or a certain sort of starlight night would recall a particular walk along the meadow fence; or a gust and whiff of the wind would bring with it the thrill that belonged to one certain stormy September night that never faded in her remembrance.

Though the performance was proceeding, he walked deliberately down the carpeted gangway, his sword and spurs slightly jingling and his handsome perfumed head held high.

To roam thoughtfully about, that is to say, to lounge, is a fine employment of time in the eyes of the philosopher; particularly in that rather illegitimate species of campaign, which is tolerably ugly but odd and composed of two natures, which surrounds certain great cities, notably Paris.

I've actually deserted my dressing-table, and the perfume I used lies all forsaken and forlorn.

oh yes, it is true, you are going to tell Cosette about this.

Uther, with his elbow resting on the arm of his chair and his chin upon his palm, stared at the cedar wood burning pungently upon the hearth and catechised Dubricius on visionary belief.

Standing up, she shook the glistening shroud about her while it seemed to drop perfumes and to spark out passion.

Prince Jadar doesn't need prayers to Krishna.

'There's blood in the air,' said Saxon, raising up his beak-like nose like a vulture which scents carrion.

He admired her resignation.

Maybe having his Porn stay over at their house the previous night was disrespectful to his wife but nice or offensive behavior was based upon one’s guesswork on how society would interpret such situations and unique situations like this were all the more impossible to judge.

In this room it was almost dark; only two tiny lamps were burning before the icons and there was a pleasant scent of flowers and burnt pastilles.

"Do you smell the mignonette, or is it Sweet William?

The fatal dust scattered upon the pillow, or a bouquet sprinkled with the aqua tofana, looking bright and innocent as God's dew upon the flowers, transmitted death without a warning of danger.

Above all, he was wrong in that after he had picked up the scent again on the bridge of Austerlitz, he played that formidable and puerile game of keeping such a man at the end of a thread.

"Look you, Babet, I would not give this pinch of snuff," said Jean, raising his thumb and two fingers holding a good dose of the pungent dust,--"I would not give this pinch of snuff for any young fellow who could be indifferent to the charms of such a pretty lass as Angelique des Meloises!"

"The roses are blooming here which will form the bouquet of Beaumanoir."

the crowd yelped, gleeful as a wolf-pack on a scent and abandoning solemnity as suddenly as it had been assumed.

That perfume carried his imagination back instantly to a room at Oxford, and he advanced and looked through into the place beyond.

Now the musk of her perfume had begun to hover about his head, fogging his mind even more.

There the wife of the chief, having her garments perfumed with musk, adorned with pearls and such like ornaments, herself waited on the king.

And not Diana's roses and honeysuckles are sweeter than the fragrance of her life which goes through all Mainbridge.

Buyse says that they fought lustily at this ruffle at Axminster, but he is of one mind with me, that a few whiffs of shot and cavalry charges would scatter them over the countryside.

He placed the materials for smoking upon the table as reverently as a priest places his biretta upon the altar,--for the old butler did himself dearly love the Indian weed, and delighted to smell the perfume of it as it rose in clouds over his master's table.

Now once on a time the hermit, who was named Vijitasu, was wandering about in search of fruits and roots, and came there, and that fruit, being ripe, fell from the jambu-tree and broke, and a heavenly maiden came out of it, and respectfully bowing, saluted the feet of that hermit.

It was weather to live and love in, weather for red lips and the clouding down of perfumed hair.

He could tell from these infinitesimal muscular contractions and relaxation in her stony insect face that she did not want him to think of their friendship as a relationship and the words passed from brain to brain (hers to his, his to hers, and hers to his like a mutating ping pong ball) something to the effect that a being was born selfish and two selfish beings together were a compounded selfish knot and so something new was in order.

The city was fetid as his older brother’s shoes in the back of his girl friend’s car (the car that had brought them here); and yet its billboards and tall buildings were opulent.

Here the odour was almost insupportable; it had in it something menacing, something definitely repellent; and at the foot of the steps they stood hesitating.

Deign to enter, most respected benefactor, and your charming young lady, also.” A man of ripe age and a young girl made their appearance on the threshold of the attic.

They held ingots of precious metals, crowns of gold and silver, neckplates and bracelets of cloisonne enamel, earrings which shone like the disc of Moui, necklaces of seven rows of cornelian, lapis-lazuli, red jasper, pearls, agates, sardonyx, and onyx; exquisitely chased anklets, belts, with plates engraved with hieroglyphs, rings with scarabaei set in them; quantities of fishes, crocodiles, and hearts stamped out of gold, serpents in enamel twisted on themselves; bronze vases, flagons of wavy alabaster, and of blue glass on which wound white spirals; coffers of enamelled ware; boxes of sandal wood of strange and chimerical forms; heaps of aromatic gums from all countries; blocks of ebony; precious stuffs so fine that a whole piece could have been pulled through a ring; white and black ostrich plumes, and others coloured in various ways; monstrously huge elephant's-tusks, cups of gold, silver, gilded glass; statues marvellous both as regards the material and the workmanship.

"His rooms smelt like a joss-house; I told him so.

The Rajput seemed oblivious to the smell of death as smoke from the fire engulfed the palms that lined the village roads.

Rafael was standing on the balcony, at Leonora's side, his gaze lost in the darkness, his spirit lulled by the music of her sweet voice, his body snug and comfortable in that elegant garment which seemed to have retained something of the warmth and perfume of her shoulders.

A pungent fragrance rose up into her nostrils.

‘Oh,’ groaned I to Miss Laura, ‘for a pair of paddle-wheels!’ We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers.

Having started farming from necessity, he soon grew so devoted to it that it became his favorite and almost his sole occupation.

I took out your paintings and my computer and ran out before the flames reached our door.

They smelt of him too.

ill-starred man that I am!

Skirting a small public house, from which the smell of beer and spirits vapoured into the sunshine, I presently found myself in a black-green churchyard among tombstones.

The words curdled on his tongue as he expressed his loathing of poor Mrs Bowater and her kind--mere Humanity--that ate and drank in musty houses stuck up out of the happy earth like warts on the skin, that battened on meat, stalked its puddled streets and vile, stifling towns, spread its rank odours on the air, increased and multiplied.

The man's turban smelled faintly of sweat, but his well-worn shirt was spotless.

