"I trust that, once clear of this place, you will never smell it again."

The workmen, when they come to-morrow to stop up that hole, would certainly have found the stiff abandoned there, and it might have been possible, thread by thread, straw by straw, to pick up the scent and reach you.

Now and then the breath of the roses was quite distinguishable; and from fields further off the delicious scent of new hay.

And when he looked forward, there was a dim outer light in front and a whiff of the cool fresh air that presages the dawn!

THE MORNING-GLORIES They swing from the garden-trellis In Ariel-airy ease; And their aromatic honey Is sought by the earliest bees.

The people bustled up and down, testing their weak purses against their strong desires to fill their baskets with the ripe autumnal fruits and the products of field and garden, river and basse cour, which lay temptingly exposed in the little carts of the marketmen and women who on every side extolled the quality and cheapness of their wares.

A servant trailed after them bearing a crystal decanter of wine and two silver goblets on a tray.

Strange, but true, that the principal factor in cohering the nations, eras and paradoxes of the globe, by giving them a common platform of two or three great ideas, a commonalty of origin, and projecting kosmic brotherhood, the dream of all hope, all time--that the long trains gestations, attempts and failures, resulting in the New World, and in modern solidarity and politics--are to be identified and resolv'd back into a collection of old poetic lore, which, more than any one thing else, has been the axis of civilization and history through thousands of years--and except for which this America of ours, with its polity and essentials, could not now be existing.

And now a perfume comes, A swift Favonian gust; And the shrivelled grass, where it doth pass, Bows worshiping to the dust.

Why will he not embrace,--why not exchange Her kindly kisses;--wherefore not exhale Some odorous message from life's ruby gates, Where she his first sweet embassy awaits?

‘He’s come aft to tell us, Mr. Monson,’ answered Finn, ‘that he and others of the watch below have been disturbed by a woice in the hold saying that there’s a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away home and end this woyage which, saving the lady’s presence, it calls blarsted nonsense.’ I observed old Jacob’s head vigorously nodding.

Having waited thus long, they could endure a few more hours in patience, now that they could see and smell their "Hills" at last.

He smelt strongly of rum.

But the smell of the pasture and the fragrance that came from the fresh shades of the wood, and the freedom of the broad fields of pure ether, made it rich with some of nature's homely wealth; which is not by any means the worst there is.

It seemed to be ruled by cattle.

Now thousands of feet and bayonets moved and halted at the officers’ command, turned with banners flying, formed up at intervals, and wheeled round other similar masses of infantry in different uniforms; now was heard the rhythmic beat of hoofs and the jingling of showy cavalry in blue, red, and green braided uniforms, with smartly dressed bandsmen in front mounted on black, roan, or gray horses; then again, spreading out with the brazen clatter of the polished shining cannon that quivered on the gun carriages and with the smell of linstocks, came the artillery which crawled between the infantry and cavalry and took up its appointed position.

III With scents of heat, dew-chilled and sweet, The new-cut hay smells by the bight: The ghost of some dead pansy bloom The butterfly seems, in the gloom, Its pied wings folded tight.

As Gavroche walked along, he cast an indignant backward glance at the barber’s shop.

The flower-beds of Saint-Cloud perfumed the air; the breath of the Seine rustled the leaves vaguely; the branches gesticulated in the wind, bees pillaged the jasmines; a whole bohemia of butterflies swooped down upon the yarrow, the clover, and the sterile oats; in the august park of the King of France there was a pack of vagabonds, the birds.

He was squatting on his bed-end in the dark, like a spectacled image of Buddha, when the first of the three men came on guard again and at last Ismail came for him holding a pitchy torch that filled the dim passage full of acrid smoke and made both of them, cough.

Old nursery tales are not so well remembered in these days that it is superfluous to point out that the "fee" being a prelude to "faw" and "fum," is taken from the formula of the Ogre in _Jack and the Bean-Stalk_, whose usual preliminary to the slaughter of his victims was-- "Fee, Faw, Fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman!"]

The king himself asked the Brahman why he did not eat his food, though it was sweet and fragrant, and he slowly answered him, "I perceive in this cooked rice an evil smell of the reek from corpses, so I cannot bring myself to eat it, however delicious it may be."

The elephants are ranging in this charming forest-land, carrying the fragrance of _Neepas_ and _Arjunas_, having its green swards filled with _Indragopas_[127] and with delighted, peacocks dancing all around.

'England is not ripe for it,' the Major answered, with a shake of his head.

"They are guards of the governor, Mukarrab Khan.

For one must build of faith, radium-rare to those who have lost their intrinsic supply.

I saw, or thought I saw, and smelt--pah!--I seem to smell them now!--beetles, mummy-beetles, you know, from the skull of a mummy!

But the paper smelt strongly of her perfume.

But we had scarcely taken our seats when the girl arrived, and she brought such life and light and fragrance in her mere aspect to the table, that it was as though some rich and beautiful flower of a perfume sweetened yet by the coolness of dew had been placed amongst us.

And after he had gone some way in that direction, along a path revealed by the light of the flaming pyres, he reached with difficulty in the darkness that asoka-tree; the tree was scorched with the smoke of funeral pyres, and smelt of raw flesh, and looked like a Bhuta, and he saw the corpse hanging on its trunk, as it were on the shoulder of a demon.

The interior of the customs house smelled of sweat, mingled with spice and the dusty fragrance of indigo.

And it was during one of their meetings--when their words were broken by sudden impulses of affection, and their lips were tightly pressed together--that Leonora had expressed her capricious desire.

“We should ask him... that’s he himself?”... “Yes, ask him indeed!...

The odour was not so pronounced, but as I stood by the table, waiting, it increased, and increased, until it almost choked me.

“Away from the smell of powder, they probably think it easy to gain victories!” he thought.

As the girl said this, I saw the fellow at the stranger’s wheel revolve it with frantic gestures as though some deadly danger had been descried close aboard; the brig came heavily and sluggishly round right athwart our course, showing no colours, and dipping her channels to the run of the folds with the weary motion of a waterlogged vessel, and so lay all aback.

In the sudden quiet and torpor of this musty gloom I turned my hunted eyes and stared at the dark strip of holland that hid me from my pursuers.

Her carnal desire may be less strong than the Conch Woman, at least until she's properly aroused, but then her _kama salila _is hot, with a perfume like honey.

His plump white neck stood out sharply above the black collar of his uniform, and he smelled of Eau de Cologne.

The sun burned through the almost limitless sky, whose blue was polished to a ceramic glaze, and the air was clean and perfumed with nectar.

The whole courtyard was permeated by a strong peaceful smell of stable yards, delightful to Pierre at that moment.

There was something so fragrant in her presence, so flower-like in her aspect, that she could not approach you but that it was as though she brought a nosegay with her whose perfume had a sweetness for every sense of the body.

I did not know which way to go, so I let fall the reins on the animal’s neck and left the scent to the detection of her instincts.

BRIDGEWATER: July 7, 1685.

Then a faint acrid smell was wafted to his nostrils, perceptible even above the heavy odour of the incense from the barn.

How sweet were the hours when I could lay aside all thought of freewill and of predestination, to lie with my heels in the air among the scented clover, and listen to old Chaucer telling the sweet story of Grisel the patient, or to weep for the chaste Desdemona, and mourn over the untimely end of her gallant spouse.

Directly Rostóv entered the door he was enveloped by a smell of putrefaction and hospital air.

Oddly enough, she did not sniff at this request.

And the smell of roses did not change, nor the colour of the light; and the fresh green of the young foliage was deep and bright and glittering to-day as ever it was.

Not one of their fragrances had he lost.

In Jatupon’s perspective the stink of his smoke-ridden clothes and the beer of his breath gave an acrid and fetid cloud which was miraculously saving him.

And while English toilet waters are cloying and sweet, violets and gilliflowers, this aroma is light and delicate.

It was cool, as though immune from the heat of the day, and scented faintly with rose incense that had been blended with the oil in the hanging lamps.

When at night he reached his beloved's house--it seemed to be redolent with the very perfume of her, as if the furniture, the curtains, the very walls about her had absorbed the essence of her spirit--he felt the strain of that insistent gossip, of the persecution of an entire city that had fixed its eyes upon his love.

Above them towered the green woods; the meadows rippled from them with their broidery of flowers; the scent of the white May swept fragrant on the air.

Yet what I saw those hours (I took two other occasions, two other afternoons to watch the same scene,) confirms a thought that haunts me every additional glimpse I get of our top-loftical general or rather exceptional phases of wealth and fashion in this country--namely, that they are ill at ease, much too conscious, cased in too many cerements, and far from happy--that there is nothing in them which we who are poor and plain need at all envy, and that instead of the perennial smell of the grass and woods and shores, their typical redolence is of soaps and essences, very rare may be, but suggesting the barber shop--something that turns stale and musty in a few hours anyhow.

Incidentally, the room was blazing hot, with a fire roaring right up the chimney, and it smelt like a Hindu temple."

"It is the secret incense of Ancient Egypt," whispered Dr. Cairn, glancing towards the open door; "it is the odour of that Black Magic which, by all natural law, should be buried and lost for ever in the tombs of the ancient wizards.

His head felt heavy, and although he did not believe he had been drugged, there was a scent he half-recognized that permeated the cave, and even overcame the dreadful atmosphere that the sick of yesterday had left behind.

For if raw like a dram, it will shock you to trace Your design with a horrible froth on its face, Like a wretch in articulo mortis.

My rest eternal ceases; Alas!

The perfumed air of midmorning still seemed to hover above the inner courtyard of Arangbar's palace as Hawksworth approached its towering wooden gates.

And he put that lotus to the nose of that Mahipala, and the moment he smelt it, he was free from the effects of poison.

There was a masculine odor and a smell of tobacco.

In the entry there was a smell of fresh apples, and wolf and fox skins hung about.

There was a pungent autumn scent on the air that seemed to rise like the incense of years that had fallen to decay on the brown flooring of the place, and there was no breath or vestige of a wind.

It had been perfumed, and the scent of it swept over Gorlois like a violet mist.

'I have been much edified by your Colonel's discourse, and I have little doubt that by serving under him ye will profit much by his ripe experience.'

The new offices of the Company already seemed embalmed in the smell of lamp oil and sweat, their freshly painted wood timbers masked in dull soot.

The light does not bear away terrestrial perfumes into the azure depths, without knowing what it is doing; the night distributes stellar essences to the sleeping flowers.

Others bore gold and silver vessels containing cosmetics and toiletries--collyrium, kohl, musky perfumes--and plates of sweets, betel leaves tied with strings of gold, and a confectionary of dried fruits and preserves.

A faint smell--a smell of corruption, of ancient rottenness--arose on the superheated air.

There were din and stink and dust beneath a savage sun, shaken into reverberations by the scream of an engine's safety valve.

King obeyed and sniffed too.

What has ever happen'd--what happens, and whatever may or shall happen, the vital laws inclose all.

The atmosphere was charged with an odour of brine and weed of a pungency and quality that one felt to be possible only to a revelation from some deepest and most secret recess of the deep.

exclaimed she, clasping her hands passionately together.

The faint, rank smell of the wild beasts mingling with the evening air, was instilling its intoxication in my brain.

Whatever I may be, I can’t live under Bonaparte’s rule.” “Oh, come, ma cousine!

It was a clear, calm, crisp morning, without a touch of frost, promising one of those mellow, golden, delicious days of September that are the very ripeness of the year; just yet six o'clock held only the promise of it.

The close, acrid smells of the town were immediately scourged by the searing midday heat.

And if any man has felt on his lips the kiss of all the scented glamour of the East, let him tell what King's sensations were.

He quickly entered the small reception room with its still-unplastered wooden walls redolent of pine, and would have gone farther, but Antón ran ahead on tiptoe and knocked at a door.

Strength returns, and hope revives; Cloudy fears and shapes forlorn Fly like shadows at the morn,-- O'er the earth there comes a bloom-- Sunny light for sullen gloom, Warm perfume for vapor cold-- smell the rose above the mould!

Suddenly he sniffed and put his face closer to the window.

"The fragrance of the gardens is lovelier than ever," Vina went on, "and listen to the great trees whispering back to the sea!"

The rhyme and uniformity of perfect poems show the free growth of metrical laws, and bud from them as unerringly and loosely as lilacs and roses on a bush, and take shapes as compact as the shapes of chestnuts and oranges, and melons and pears, and shed the perfume impalpable to form.

An odour of incense pervaded the house, coming from the doctor's study, wherein he had locked himself early in the evening, issuing instructions that he was not to be disturbed.

But when she entered, lighting up the chamber with her brightness, that gentleman, who was so fastidious about the fair sex, felt quite faint, and stopping his nose with his left hand, said to the king's servants, "Take her away; if you do not, I am a dead man, a smell comes from her like that of a goat."

A poet admires the bee sucking from the chalice of a flower and says it exists to suck the fragrance of flowers.

Moreover, I anointed my body with an ointment that I found in the cave of the kapalika; and, observe, perfume still exhales from it, even though it has been washed.

I look back now upon some of those talks (with the smell of coffee and forage and cigarettes in the night air) as belonging to the few perfect things.

Of this little bag that holds so little and is so light?"

“Ou-rou-rou!” yelled the crowd, echoing the crash of the collapsing roof of the barn, the burning grain in which diffused a cakelike aroma all around.

The dairy window stood open night and day; and the cool dewy freshness which was upon the roses and lilies outside was in there too among the pans of cream; the fragrance of those mingled with the different but very pure sweetness of these.

My head is sometimes in a whirl.

He had loved to look upon her and to dream, but now the perfume of her hair, the warm softness of her body, the very odour of her shed and scarlet blood were memories in him that would not fade.

“And believe me, they are reaping the reward of their betrayal of the Bourbon cause.

As the other English muskets spoke out in a spray of pistol shot, several Portuguese in the longboat pitched forward, writhing.

All this, I say, she made one think of, with a fancy, too, of the rushing Hooghley, a burning atmosphere sickly with the smell of the incense of the hubble-bubble, with a flavour of hot curry about, a dead black body gliding slowly past, the lip, lip, of the rushing stream against the ship’s bow and seething to the gangway ladder, the fiery cabins o’ nights vibratory with the horns of the mosquitoes like a distant concert of Jew’s harps mingling with the distant unearthly wail of the jackal.

