I don't know whatever there was in the house last night that smelled like coffee; but I a'most thought there was somebody makin' it down-stairs.

The floor was redolent of mould and must, The fungus in the rotten seams had quicken'd; While on the oaken table coats of dust Perennially had thicken'd.

The scent of the girl's dress was still in his nostrils, and her eyes haunted him.

The convict calls himself a _fagot_.—And finally, what name do malefactors give to their prison?

And stationed thereon,[262] Hanuman smelt the rich odour of viands and drinks that was spreading on all sides;-- and like one dear friend smelling another, he also smelt the mighty Air, impregnated with aroma, which seemed like embodied Odour.

'How can such trifles occupy you at such a time?'

When we finally make port, they haul us out of that stink hole and slam us in another, this time the Viceroy's dungeons.

One would have said that he was taking advantage of every occasion to laugh uproariously.

And in the course of my travels I happened to visit Hansadvipa.

Mrs Bowater, it is true, at our sea-fish breakfast next morning, referred in the first place to the smell of drains; next to fleas; and last to greasy cooking.

Does he?

She was pondering as she sat there and smelled the roses in the garden and talked to the small Rose in her lap,--she was pondering what she should do to let her husband know what she now knew about herself.

Birds are singing in the trees, the warmth is endurable here in this moist shade, with the fragrance and freshness.

'Meanwhile, this odour may be offensive to your untrained nostrils, so we shall away with it.

A bouquet of perfume hovered about him like an invisible cloud.

The whole sequence had taken less than a second.

But soon he became conscious of the perfume of flowers.

The scent was mild, pleasant, and as their hands traveled over him he felt the pores of his skin open to divulge their residual rankness.

The fresh pines shed their resinous perfume on every side in the still shade, but out in the sunshine the birds sang merrily all day.

Where once the brambled meads and orchard-lands Poured ripe abundance down with mellow hands Of summer; and the birds of field and wood Called to me in a tongue I understood; And in the tangles of the old rail-fence Even the insect tumult had some sense, And every sound a happy eloquence: And more to me than wisest books can teach The wind and water said; whose words did reach My soul, addressing their magnificent speech,-- Raucous and rushing,--from the old mill-wheel, That made the rolling mill-cogs snore and reel, Like some old ogre in a fairy tale Nodding above his meat and mug of ale.

The Prussians are our faithful allies who have only betrayed us three times in three years.

Three drops sprinkled upon a bouquet of flowers, and its odor breathed by man or woman, causes a sudden swoon from which there is no awakening more in this world.

Invisible ghosts,-- Each one a beautiful girl,-- Who whisper in leaves and glimmer in blossoms and hover In color and fragrance and loveliness, breathed from the deep World-soul of the mother, Nature;--who, over and over, Both sweetheart and lover, Goes singing her songs from one sweet month to the other,-- That appear, that appear?

BOOK TWO SURAT-- THE THRESHOLD CHAPTER FIVE The room was musty and close, as though the rainy season had not passed, and the floor was hard mud.

As we entered Dean, the great red sun pushed its rosy rim over the edge of the horizon, and the air was filled with the buzz of insects and the sweet scent of the morning.

Slowly they walked back into the front room.

And the sweet breath of their faces, naturally fragrant, and redolent of sugar and dsava, was then regaling Ravana.

"When he is drunk he does," replied De Pean; "when he is sober I care not to approach him too nearly!

Basque, a carriage!

A few days ago one of the six-story clothing stores along here had the space inside its plate-glass show-window partition'd into a little corral, and litter'd deeply with rich clover and hay, (I could smell the odor outside,) on which reposed two magnificent fat sheep, full-sized but young--the handsomest creatures of the kind I ever saw.

She had purchased a bottle of ginger wine, which she brought in with some glasses and placed in the middle of the red and black tablecloth.

He knew by the smell that it was tainted with poison, and left it, after necessary ablutions, and being afflicted with thirst he roamed all over that heavenly mountain in search of water.

Hotter, ranker grew the fetid atmosphere.

It was compiled by a musty scholar named Vatsyayana, who obviously knew nothing about giving pleasure, and simply copied things here and there from much older books.

‘To think of them sneaking along like the shadow of a cloud, hey!’ he sent a wildly impatient look aloft and brought his foot with a heavy stamp to the deck.

While all around, the sweet smell of the meal Filters, warm-pouring from the grinding wheel Into the bin; beside which, mealy white, The miller looms, dim in the dusty light.

A suffocating smell--the smell of that incense with which they had too often come in contact, was wafted out to them.

I. Immortal Imogen, crown'd queen above The lilies of thy sex, vouchsafe to hear A fairy dream in honor of true love-- True above ills, and frailty, and all fear,-- Perchance a shadow of his own career Whose youth was darkly prison'd and long-twined By serpent-sorrow, till white Love drew near, And sweetly sang him free, and round his mind A bright horizon threw, wherein no grief may wind.

--Eastern Proverb It was a musty smelling entrance, so dark that to see was scarcely possible after the hot glare outside.

Off went th' obsequious train as swift as Arab hoofs could flee, But Fancy fond outraced them all, with bridle loose and free, And brought me back, for love's attack, some fair Circassian bride, Or Georgian girl, the Harem's boast, and fit for sultan's side; Methought I lifted up her veil, and saw dark eyes beneath, Mild as gazelle's, a snowy brow, ripe lips, and pearly teeth, A swanlike neck, a shoulder round, full bosom, and a waist Not too compact, and rounded limbs, to oriental taste.

The daughter of the high-priest had been brought up to venerate the gods whom the young Hebrew was boldly blaspheming; she had offered up on their altars bouquets of flowers, and she had burned perfumes before their impassible images; amazed and delighted, she had walked through their temples splendid with brilliant paintings.

The flower-beds accepted the legitimate royalty of the lilies; the most august of perfumes is that which emanates from whiteness.

Henceforth let no man of us lie, for we have seen that openness wins the inner and outer world, and that there is no single exception, and that never since our earth gather'd itself in a mass have deceit or subterfuge or prevarication attracted its smallest particle or the faintest tinge of a shade--and that through the enveloping wealth and rank of a state, or the whole republic of states, a sneak or sly person shall be discover'd and despised--and that the soul has never once been fool'd and never can be fool'd--and thrift without the loving nod of the soul is only a foetid puff--and there never grew up in any of the continents of the globe, nor upon any planet or satellite, nor in that condition which precedes the birth of babes, nor at any time during the changes of life, nor in any stretch of abeyance or action of vitality, nor in any process of formation or reformation anywhere, a being whose instinct hated the truth.

They put questions and gave brief replies about things they knew ought to be talked over at length.

Tahoser had just emerged from the bath, and the aromatic oils with which she had been rubbed, still further softened her delicate, satin-like skin; her flesh was almost translucent.

There he beheld a lake of clear water, the bank of which was thickly planted with trees bent down with the weight of many ripe fruits of various flavours.

As for her toilette, that aerial toilette of muslin and ribbons, which seemed made of mirth, of folly, and of music, full of bells, and perfumed with lilacs had vanished like that beautiful and dazzling hoar-frost which is mistaken for diamonds in the sunlight; it melts and leaves the branch quite black.

Their earth-brown skin now glistened bare in the perfumed torchlight.

Fauchelevent’s wild gaze fell mechanically into that pocket, and there it stopped.

A fragrant scent of musk and lavender lay heavy on the air.

She tore it in pieces and threw the fragments from her; but with a sudden thought, as if not daring to leave even the fragments upon the floor, she gathered them up hastily and put them in her basket with the bouquet of roses, which she wrested from the dead fingers of Caroline in order to carry it away and scatter the fatal flowers in the forest.

He saw the water of that stream flowing along brown with the pollen of flowers, and remarked that it was pervaded by the smell of the ichor of elephants, and troubled with waves.

The old perfume sought his nostrils delicately with a score of memories.

The lid was lifted from the pot and a bouquet of saffron burst over the room.

Let me give the names of some of these perennial blossoms and friendly weeds I have made acquaintance with hereabout one season or another in my walks: Wild azalea, dandelions wild honeysuckle, yarrow, wild roses, coreopsis, golden rod, wild pea, larkspur, woodbine, early crocus, elderberry, sweet flag, (great patches of it,) poke-weed, creeper, trumpet-flower, sun-flower, scented marjoram, chamomile, snakeroot, violets, Solomon's seal, clematis, sweet balm, bloodroot mint, (great plenty,) swamp magnolia, wild geranium, milk-weed, wild heliotrope, wild daisy, (plenty,) burdock, wild chrysanthemum.

The upper deck was very low pitched, and, as if the heat and the disgusting smell of the cargo did not suffice, there swung from a blackened beam a lighted globular lamp the flame of which burnt into a coil of thick black smoke that filled the atmosphere with a flavour of hot fat.

The Social Clubs dissolved in huffs, And the Sons of Harmony came to cuffs, While feuds arose and family quarrels, That discomposed the mechanics of morals, For screws were loose between brother and brother, While sisters fasten'd their nails on each other; Such wrangles, and jangles, and miff, and tiff, And spar, and jar--and breezes as stiff As ever upset a friendship--or skiff!

‘It’s curious,’ continued this sea philosopher in a salt, thick voice that seemed not a little appropriate to the strong fish-like, marine, _drowned_ smell of this interior, ‘they should go on a-showing of affection which they’d sicken at if they was coated with flesh.’ ‘Pray hold your tongue!’ said Lady Monson.

One after another the high street lamps approached, flung their radiance into our musty velvet cabin, and went gliding by.

Slowly he draws near; embraces her; clasps her to his heart, while the door is pushed open by the breeze and the green forest appears, odorous in the moonlight--nocturnal Springtime, radiant and glorious, wrapped in a mantle of music and perfume.

'A flask or two of scent amongst them would not be amiss,' he remarked; 'I would I had a casting bottle.'

Those heaps of filth at the gate-posts, those tumbrils of mud which jolt through the street by night, those terrible casks of the street department, those fetid drippings of subterranean mire, which the pavements hide from you,—do you know what they are?

said Mrs. Starling with a look as sharp as an arrow.

The poor little sleepy, stumbling pages, the smell of the hall, the members with heads leaning on their desks, the sounds of the voices speaking, with unusual intonations--the general moral atmosphere also of the close of this important session--the strong hope that the war is approaching its close--the tantalizing dread lest the hope may be a false one--the grandeur of the hall itself, with its effect of vast shadows up toward the panels and spaces over the galleries--all made a mark'd combination.

What was he there for?

He had no sooner drawn himself up to inhale the flower- scented dawn than two smiling men were standing over him, bowing.

I smell from the street a delicious odor of Brie cheese.

It was already late, and Pétya had not eaten anything and was drenched with perspiration, yet he did not go home but stood with that diminishing, but still considerable, crowd before the palace while the Emperor dined—looking in at the palace windows, expecting he knew not what, and envying alike the notables he saw arriving at the entrance to dine with the Emperor and the court footmen who served at table, glimpses of whom could be seen through the windows.

People (in this season) live upon many a sweet rose-apple; and ripe mangoes, of diverse colors, being shaken by the wind, fall on the earth.

[421] Or Chandraprabha, whose name means "light of the moon."

In the village through which they passed there were red lights and a cheerful smell of smoke.

My senses swim, And the world is growing dim; Thronging shadows cloud the light, Like the advent of the night,-- Colder, colder, colder still, Upward steals a vapor chill-- Strong the earthy odor grows-- I smell the mould above the rose!

The maharana sent a vial of musk perfume to Shirin, buried in a basket of flowers.

The buds and the flowers, gently moving, shed their perfume through the hall, and these young women, thus wreathed, might have suggested fortunate comparisons to poets.

Again Erzá and Mílka were abreast, running like a pair of carriage horses, and began to overtake the hare, but it was easier for the hare to run on the balk and the borzois did not overtake him so quickly.

The whole horrible phantasmagoria--together with the odour of ancient rottenness--faded like a fevered dream, at the moment that Dr. Cairn had burst in upon the creator of it.

I’ve shaved, bwushed my teeth, and scented myself.” The imposing figure of Nesvítski followed by his Cossack, and the determination of Denísov who flourished his sword and shouted frantically, had such an effect that they managed to squeeze through to the farther side of the bridge and stopped the infantry.

The bees circle round a queenless hive in the hot beams of the midday sun as gaily as around the living hives; from a distance it smells of honey like the others, and bees fly in and out in the same way.

Then, after some days had passed, the queen Alankaraprabha became pregnant by that king, and delighted her beloved by her face redolent of honey, with wildly rolling eyes, so that it resembled a pale lotus with bees hovering round it.

"Basil," she began, obliging herself to speak,--"I can smell the roses again."

Toil lets go of you on one side only to grasp you again on the other.

Her maidenly scruples, stifled for a time by passion, resumed their power in the presence of reality.

The heavy perfume stole over my senses, bringing only weariness and self-distaste to my mind.

Talk not to me of bees and such like hums, The smell of sweet herbs at the morning prime-- Only lee long enough, and bed becomes A bed of _time_.

Fierce bark'd the dog, and many a blow was dealt, That loin, and chump, and scrag and saddle felt, Yet still, that fatal step they all declined it,-- And shunn'd the tainted door as if they smelt Onions, mint sauce, and lemon juice behind it.

III.

De Pean had no difficulty in enticing Le Gardeur down to the village inn, where he had arranged that he should meet, by mere accident, as it were, his old city friends.

They divine purses in pockets, they scent out watches in fobs.

Then, holding the bouquet with one hand at arm's length, she sprinkled the glowing roses with the transparent liquid from the vial which she held in the other hand, repeating, in a low, harsh tone, the formula of an ancient incantation, which was one of the secrets imparted to Antonio Exili by the terrible Beatrice Spara.

She did not understand why he stepped out from the window to the veranda and smiled under his mustache and winked so joyfully, when warm steady rain began to fall on the dry and thirsty shoots of the young oats, or why when the wind carried away a threatening cloud during the hay harvest he would return from the barn, flushed, sunburned, and perspiring, with a smell of wormwood and gentian in his hair and, gleefully rubbing his hands, would say: “Well, one more day and my grain and the peasants’ will all be under cover.” Still less did she understand why he, kindhearted and always ready to anticipate her wishes, should become almost desperate when she brought him a petition from some peasant men or women who had appealed to her to be excused some work; why he, that kind Nicholas, should obstinately refuse her, angrily asking her not to interfere in what was not her business.

The rustle of the battle of Tarútino frightened the beast, and it rushed forward onto the hunter’s gun, reached him, turned back, and finally—like any wild beast—ran back along the most disadvantageous and dangerous path, where the old scent was familiar.

To whom, now and here, (addressing you for Russia and Russians and empowering you, should you see fit, to print the present letter, in your book, as a preface,) I waft affectionate salutation from these shores, in America's name.

The premises of the prudence of life are not the hospitality of it, or the ripeness and harvest of it.

“Are you okay, Piggy?” “I’m fine, Nawin.

The vessel was an old craft, her decks somewhat grimy, with a worm-eaten look; the smell of the cargo coupled with the heat was hardly supportable; the crew, half naked, unwashed, and many of them wild with hair, stood sweltering in a cluster near the fore-hatch staring at us, grinning and nudging one another.

As I went in, a pungent cloud met me--incense."

The models of our literature, as we get it from other lands, ultra-marine, have had their birth in courts, and bask'd and grown in castle sunshine; all smells of princes' favors.

She carried the thoughts away to the Thames and to Gravesend, to leave-takings and weeping women and the coming and going of boats, to the hurricane note of the Jacks getting the anchor, to the waving of handkerchiefs up on the poop, to the smell of hay for the live-stock, the gabble of poultry, the cries of children, the loud calls of officers, the ceaseless movements of passengers, stewards, friends, sailors, crowding and elbowing, talking, shaking hands, and crying upon the main deck.

Why has fate given you two such splendid children?

Many, finding themselves under the muzzles of this forest of guns, did not wish to die.

