And all the little birds had laid their heads Under their wings--sleeping in feather beds.

Her _yoni _is like an opening lotus bud and her _kama salila _is perfumed like a lily newly burst."

I have often been out on the edges of these plains toward sundown, and can yet recall in fancy the interminable cow-processions, and hear the music of the tin or copper bells clanking far or near, and breathe the cool of the sweet and slightly aromatic evening air, and note the sunset.

A number of objects were placed upon it: a pot of lotus flowers, a mirror of polished bronze on an ivory stand, a vase of moss agate filled with antimony powder, a perfume spatula of sycamore wood in the shape of a woman bare to the waist stretching out as if she were swimming, and appearing to attempt to hold her box above the water.

The smell and taste of it all had a smack of Anísya Fëdorovna herself: a savor of juiciness, cleanliness, whiteness, and pleasant smiles.

And then the handsome prince recited the charm backwards, and immediately became visible to that princess.

"I couldn't help it, Joe.

Sweet summer scents came in on the dew-freshened air; sweet chirrup of insects made their gentle running commentary on the silence; Miss Collins had long ago caused the little bell with which she was wont to notify her employers that their meals were ready, to sound its tinkling call to supper; but Diana had not heard it, and the minister would not disturb her.

The taste was delicious, yet hardy, and he caught the musky flavor of lamb, lightened and transmuted by a bouquet of spice.

On that ground there my lad's blood was shed, and from that watering hath grown this goodly gallows-tree with its fine ripe fruit upon it.

How strange, Jatupon thought, that the fetid one did not have the same physical antagonism: it was strictly mental as if the thought of the youngest was so repugnant as to be beyond a physical response.

But the scent grew stronger, and he began to dream of cobras, that danced with a woman and struck at her so swiftly that she had to become two women in order to avoid them; and Rewa Gunga came and laughed at both and called them amateurs, so that the woman became enraged and drew a bronze-bladed dagger with a golden hilt.

It merely reminds me of her.” But at that moment Princess Mary said, “Natásha!” And with difficulty, effort, and stress, like the opening of a door grown rusty on its hinges, a smile appeared on the face with the attentive eyes, and from that opening door came a breath of fragrance which suffused Pierre with a happiness he had long forgotten and of which he had not even been thinking—especially at that moment.

There was an overpowering odour of burning flesh.

The ship heeled dangerously sideways, while black smoke, acrid and searing, boiled up through the scuttles and hatch, as though propelled on its way by the round of cheers from below decks, the traditional salute of ship's gunners.

In the silence, shadow and delicious odor of the hour, (the natural perfume belonging to the night alone,) I thought it rare music.

He tripped along upon his tiptoes like a French dancing-master, waving his scented kerchief in front of his thin high nose, and inhaling aromatic salts from a blue phial which he carried in his left hand.

But those objects are never attained O Ravana when they are not in good odour with their sovereign; moreover the subjects meet with dangers when he is devoid of all qualities.

O come away at any rate-- Well hast thou earn'd a downier state-- With all thy hardy peers-- Good lack, thou must be glad to smell dock, And rub thy feet with opodeldock, After such frosty years.

The air was heavy with the perfume of ambergris.

And out of the stark Eternity, awful and dark, Immensity silent and cold,-- Universe-shaking as trumpets, or thunderous metals That cymbal; yet pensive and pearly And soft as the rosy unfolding of petals, Or crumbling aroma of blossoms that wither too early,-- The majestic music of Death, where he plays On the organ, eternal and vast, of eons and days."

Having fed on ripe white rice, the excellent rows of delighted _Sarasas_ are flying quickly up to the sky like unto a well-strung garland shaken by the wind.

But will he, who never paid any attention to me when I passed by his home dressed in my most brilliant garments, adorned with my richest gems, perfumed with scents and flowers, mounted on my painted and gilded car surmounted by a sunshade, and surrounded like a queen with a retinue of servants,--will he pay more attention to the poor suppliant maiden whom he has received through pity and who is dressed in mean stuff?

With the hushed awe of a pious worshipper, Rafael would take a chair in a corner, and gluing his eyes upon those two majestic shoulders over which curly tresses fell like golden plumes, he would listen to her rich, sweet, mellow voice as it blended with the languishing chords of the piano; while through the open windows the breath of the murmurous orchard made its way drenched in the golden light of autumn, saturated with the seasoned perfume of the ripe oranges that peered with faces of fire through the festoons of leaves.

He put his elbow on his leg and hand on the forehead of his genuflected head.

Evidently in the back rooms, from which they had dashed out so impetuously, the conversation had been more amusing than the drawing room talk of society scandals, the weather, and Countess Apráksina.

"You have acted very harshly towards me in the past, dear Cairn; but because my philosophy consists in an admirable blending of that practised in Sybaris with that advocated by the excellent Zeno; because whilst I am prepared to make my home in a Diogenes' tub, I, nevertheless, can enjoy the fragrance of a rose, the flavour of a peach--" The husky voice seemed to be hypnotising Cairn; it was a siren's voice, thralling him.

The low-lying hills undulated in the sun's heat, washing the _Discovery _in the dense perfume of land.

She was dressed in the ordinary costume of a peasant-woman, and carried a small basket on her arm, which, had she opened it, would have been found to contain a candle and a bouquet of fresh roses carefully covered with a paper of silver tissue,--nothing more.

He smelled the wild oranges from the hillsides, and the raw coffee that lay drying on the great cane mats before the native cabins.

Sweet was that midnight miracle of song, Rich with ripe sorrow, needful of no word To tell of pain, and love, and love's deep wrong-- Hinting a piteous tale--perchance how long Thy unknown tears were mingled with the lake, What time disguised thy leafy mates among-- And no eye knew what human love and ache Dwelt in those dewy leaves, and heart so nigh to break.

And then it dreams of pleasant things, Of fountains filled with fairy fish, And trees that bear delicious fruit, And bow their branches at a wish; Of arbors filled with dainty scents From lovely flowers that never fade; Bright flies that glitter in the sun, And glow-worms shining in the shade.

Other panels represented female musicians and dancers, women bathing, flooded with perfumes and massaged by slaves,--the poses so elegant, the forms so youthfully suave, and the outlines so pure, that no art has ever surpassed them.

There are rough people there sometimes; and people who smell bad.” Then she scrutinized Marius, assumed a singular air and said:— “Do you know, Mr. Marius, that you are a very handsome fellow?” And at the same moment the same idea occurred to them both, and made her smile and him blush.

These bouquet our drink.--Now measure With your arm the waist you treasure-- Lift the cup and drink to Pleasure.

In and out, in and out, The gathering Goblins hover about, Ev'ry minute augmenting the rout; For like a spell The unearthly smell That fumes from the Furnace, chimney and mouth, Draws them in--an infernal Legion From East, and West, and North, and South, Like carrion birds from ev'ry region, Till not a yard square Of the sickening air But has a Demon or two for its share, Breathing fury, woe, and despair, Never, never was such a sight!

He slipped his arms under the cloak that covered her head, embraced her, pressed her to him, and kissed her on the lips that wore a mustache and had a smell of burnt cork.

As one morning I brushed past a bush of lads' love (or maidens' ruin, as some call it), its fragrance sweeping me from top to toe, I stumbled on the carcass of a young mole.

A manger then I seemed to see where bent, In adoration, Above a babe, Men of the Orient, Where, low of station, His mother lay, while round them swam sweet scent And sounds of jubilation.

(For there is a scent to everything, even the snow, if you can only detect it--no two places, hardly any two hours, anywhere, exactly alike.

Pierre rode up to them.

The obstinacy of antiquated institutions in perpetuating themselves resembles the stubbornness of the rancid perfume which should claim our hair, the pretensions of the spoiled fish which should persist in being eaten, the persecution of the child’s garment which should insist on clothing the man, the tenderness of corpses which should return to embrace the living.

Through the open window came the air, still damp with dew, laden with the scent of honeysuckle and roses, jocund with the shouts of birds; and for one instant Diana's thoughts swept back away to years ago, with a wondering recognition of the change in herself since _those_ June days.

The Faubourg Saint-Antoine is a reservoir of people.

Even decay was in the grass and such smells were beautiful.

She had moulded her bread and put it in the pans and got it out of the way; and now the berries were brought out of the pantry, and the preserving kettle went on the fire, and Diana's fingers were soon red with the ripe wine of the fruit.

He could smell the freshness of pure water in his bath or when he drank; there was delight in the taste of common foods; at night in his high room, higher still than the studio of Vina Nettleton, there were moments when the land-wind seemed to bring delicacies from the spring meadows of Jersey; or blowing from the sea, he sensed the great sterile open.

He may have private grievances of which we know nothing, and may be ripe for such a move.'

It was beautified with _Santanaka_ creepers and various trees, fragrant with celestial odours and was embellished on all sides.

The weary cattle tossed their heads and sniffed suspiciously at the moist air as they were whipped into harness.

So they trooped past us, rough and careless, with caps cocked, and the reek of their tobacco rising up from them like the steam from a tired horse.

I do not think that this colour was the natural one; Nes Khons must have been dark like other Egyptians, and the brown tone was doubtless produced by the essences and perfumes of the embalmer.

"_ She was feeling the same loneliness and yearning that Sigmund felt in Hunding's hovel.

'Truly,' returned the clergyman, 'if your comrades are of as sweet a savour as yourself, ye will be worth a brigade of pikes to the faithful,' a sentiment which raised a murmur of assent from the Puritans around.

Commands came in an alien tongue, and he felt his breast and thighs brushed lightly by a new, pungent fragrance.

I hate paragons of women, and would scorn to be one, but I tell you, brother, Amelie is a paragon of a girl, without knowing it!"

Seeking for that exalted lady, the king's son, accompanied by his younger brother, arriving at Rhrishyamuka, met with Sugriva.

Amidst these smiles and delights, and what with the brassy heat of the fire and the scent of the skin, I thought I should presently faint, and caught, as if at a straw, at the bust in the window.

Or at sea, I can imagine it this moment, tossing the waves, with spirits of foam flying far, and the free whistle, and the scent of the salt--and that vast paradox somehow with all its action and restlessness conveying a sense of eternal rest.

See, here is a pretty, healthy child, with cheeks like an apple, who babbles, prattles, chatters, who laughs, who smells sweet beneath your kiss,—and do you know what becomes of him when he is abandoned?

"Aye!"

O _Tala_, if thou hast any pity on me do thou tell me whether thou hast beheld that fair damsel having breast resembling ripe _Tala_ fruits.

As when a window is opened a whiff of fresh air from the fields enters a stuffy room, so a whiff of youthfulness, energy, and confidence of success reached Kutúzov’s cheerless staff with the galloping advent of all these brilliant young men.

The scent of roses and honeysuckles was abroad; just under Diana's window there was a honeysuckle vine in full blossom, and the rich, peculiar fragrance came in heavily-laden puffs of air; the softest of breezes brought them, stirring the little leaves lazily, and just touched Diana's face, sweet and tender, reminding, caressing.

"The best, dear,--always the best.

La Corriveau wrapped the bouquet in a medicated paper of silver tissue, which prevented the escape of the volatile death, and replacing the roses carefully in the basket, prepared for her departure to Beaumanoir.

There was a sweet seasoning in the house; decades of flowers and winds, spare living, gentle voices and infallible cleanliness--that perfumed texture which years of fineness alone can bring to a life or to a house.

Very still the room was now, that had been full of voices; the smell of camphor and brandy was about; the table was wet in one great spot with the cold water which had been applied to the girl's face.

It's impregnable.

The brown soil here, (just between winter-close and opening spring and vegetation)--the rain-shower at night, and the fresh smell next morning--the red worms wriggling out of the ground--the dead leaves, the incipient grass, and the latent life underneath--the effort to start something--already in shelter'd spots some little flowers--the distant emerald show of winter wheat and the rye-fields--the yet naked trees, with clear insterstices, giving prospects hidden in summer--the tough fallow and the plow-team, and the stout boy whistling to his horses for encouragement--and there the dark fat earth in long slanting stripes upturn'd.

CHAPTER III—A BURIAL; AN OCCASION TO BE BORN AGAIN In the spring of 1832, although the cholera had been chilling all minds for the last three months and had cast over their agitation an indescribable and gloomy pacification, Paris had already long been ripe for commotion.

Her sojourn in the abbey had been brief and stormy, a curt attempt at discipline that had failed most nobly.

Diana was there alone sitting by one of the open windows, busy with some work; not so busy but that she smelt the roses, and felt the glory of light and colour that was outside, and heard the hum of bees and the twitter of birds and the soft indistinguishable chirrup of insects, which filled the air.

And then he went into the market and sold one of his jewels, and bought garments and scented unguents, and also food.

She had scented danger afar off from that visit.

The frightened woman dried off the child, brushed his head with perfumed oil, and placed him on a thin pillow of quilted calico for Jadar to see.

We sate on in the sweet, dusty scent of the stormy air.

The air was rich with the aroma of roses as servants passed shaking rosewater on the guests from long- necked silver decanters.

little recks the Royal mind, Within his Banquet Hall, While tapers shine and Music breathes And Beauty leads the Ball,-- He little recks the oaken plank Shall be his palace wall!

Unlike the rest of London, I gazed at Amenhotep's Mummy in the late dusk of a summer evening; and we had much to say to one another; though but one whiff of the huge round library gave me a violent headache.

It was the exact calculator who succeeded.

He told himself that he would go out to find Kumpee, the fetid one, if he only knew where in the big city to search.

A warm breath of vital energy, an odorous witness-bearing of life fruitfulness, a hum and a murmur of harmonious forces in action, a depth of colour in the light and in the shadow, which told of the richness and fullness of the natural world.

He rattled the money in his pocket and breathed the smell of whisky into the tent, peering into it as if he were uncertain whether it was occupied or not.

And from the wood is wafted by the wind the pungent odour of ripe _pippalis_.

Large pillows lay strewn about the carpet, and the air hung heavy with the stale scent of spice.

Out of his pocket the general produced a letter that smelt strongly of a scent King recognized.

It is the end of it!” Manhood’s conviction and effrontery reeked from his mouth like foul breath and Kazem, who already wanted to wreak havoc on his impudence, flipped him over with the elastic of his underwear like a pancake.

Her passionate, tumultuous soul seemed to fall into a languorous enervation under the fragrance of the orange blossoms.

His mind was in a tumult of the wildest conjectures, and his thoughts ran to and fro like hounds in a thick brake darting in every direction to find the scent of the game they were in search of.

She spoke with a languid abandonment; her voice quivering, and tremors rippling across her shoulders, as if all the perfume were hurting her, oppressing her powerful vitality.

She moved closer and her perfume enveloped him.

The fresh milky odor is quite perceptible, also the perfume of hay from the barn.

She stood reflecting for a few moments, and exclaimed as she laid the bouquet upon the table,-- "Angelique des Meloises, you send your gold and your roses to me because you believe me to be a worse demon than yourself, but you are worthy to be crowned tonight with these roses as queen of hell and mistress of all the witches that ever met in Grand Sabbat at the palace of Galienne, where Satan sits on a throne of gold!"

Nofre, kneeling before her, fastened on her feet sandals with turned-up ends, cast scented powder on her hair, drew from a box several bracelets in the shape of serpents, and a few rings with sacred scarabaei for gems, put on her cheeks a green powder which immediately turned rose-colour as it touched the skin, polished her nails with a cosmetic, and adjusted the somewhat rumpled folds of her calasiris like a zealous maid who means that her mistress shall show to the greatest advantage.

Ever the fresh breeze of field, or hill, or lake, is more than any palpitation of fans, though of ivory, and redolent with perfume; and the air is more than the costliest perfumes.

A thousand thoughts traversed his mind, but they continued to fortify him in his resolution.

Meanwhile the hand of the daughter of Petamounoph clung nervously to the edge of the car; her cheeks turned pale under the light touch of rouge which Nofre had put on, and as if she felt herself fainting, she breathed in rapidly and often the scent of her nosegay of lotus.

This cool breeze of a pleasant touch, carrying the fragrance of flowers appears like a fire-brand unto me who am thinking of my spouse.

The usual delay at the Custom House, the usual soothing of the excited officials in the usual way, and his _arabiyeh_ was jolting Dr. Cairn through the noise and the smell of those rambling streets, a noise and a smell entirely peculiar to this clearing-house of the Near East.

