One of the insatiate--yet frail and lovely and scented like a carnation; a white flower, red-tipped--sublimate of earthy perfume.

The place smells like a charnel-house and the--shapes are taking definite, horrible form!

With a necromantic operation taking place before his eyes; with the unholy perfume of the secret incense all but suffocating him; with the dreadful Oracle dully gleaming in the shadows of that temple of evil--his reason would not accept the evidences.

"Now give me your arm, Max!

It was first the intolerable heat, then the unendurably monotonous lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning wash of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen explosions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery mingled with some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand.

(Benfey, Vol.

He hated her white skin and hated Kumpee for his ugly dark skin, his abandonment, and his fetid ways.

It was cavernous, hung with thick tapestries on every wall, and lightly perfumed with rose incense.

There was no one in the anteroom; empty bottles, cloaks, and overshoes were lying about; there was a smell of alcohol, and sounds of voices and shouting in the distance.

No smoke reeked up from the chimney, and the shutters of the window were closed, from which we gathered that the folk who owned it had fled away from their perilous position.

Their eyes often met over the pool as they sat with the scent of lilies in the air, and talked little--but thought the more.

And the lotos--name, fragrance and sight of this flower--started a little lyrical wheel tinkling in his mind, turning off snatches of verses that sung themselves; and fluttering bits of romance, half-religious and altogether impersonal; and strange pictures, lovely, though all but effaced.

he asked, trying to speak casually; but his soul was up in arms against the bare idea of this girl's entering that perfumed place where abominable and vile things were, and none of them so vile as the man she trusted, whom she counted a brother.

A flower should smell sweet, and woman should have wit.

Even if you were not there today."

The peculiar property of truth is never to commit excesses.

There are, in fact, aromatics in the opinions of these venerable groups, and their ideas smelled of it.

Denísov smiled, took out of his sabretache a handkerchief that diffused a smell of perfume, and put it to Nesvítski’s nose.

Most of my fellow creatures to my young nose had an odour a good deal denser than the fainter scented flowers, and I can fancy such a fog, if intensified, would be distressing to beings so bodiless and rare.

There was a close kind of smell in there, sir, and the air was very hot--" "Naturally, it was hot," interrupted Saunderson.

The smell was so strong there that Rostóv held his nose and had to pause and collect his strength before he could go on.

I can smell anything there is about.

The scent of flowers came in at the window.

Feel of my hands."

And for the first time Mirza Nuruddin could remember, he had smelled fear.

And now Old Robin's foes were set That fatal taint to find, That always is scent after him, Yet always left behind.

The warmth and odour stole over my senses.

He was somewhat flushed over the cheek bones; his eyes were bright, and his breath pregnant with the heavy scent of wine.

How he contemplated, with despairing ecstasy, that convent garden, full of ignored flowers and cloistered virgins, where all perfumes and all souls mount straight to heaven!

Prophet or not, his smile at the door had left something volatile within her, something like girlhood in her heart.

Through the window-gratings under the doors, through the walls, the virginal perfume of the vast orchards filtered--an intoxicating breath, that Rafael, in his impassioned restlessness, imagined as wafted from the Blue House, caressing Leonora's lovely figure, and catching something of the divine fragrance of her redolent beauty.

And that flock of disgruntled spirits who sat around waiting for an election that would never come and ran like old war-horses at the scent of gun-powder to group themselves, as soon as a row started and the bell began to ring for order, in two factions on either side of the president's chair, could never have imagined that the young deputy, on many a night, broke off his study with a temptation to throw the thick tomes of records against the wall, yielding finally, with thrills of intense voluptuousness, to the thought of what might have become of him had he gone out into life on his own in the trail of a pair of green eyes whose golden lights he thought he could still see glittering in front of him between the lines of clumsy parliamentary prose, tempting him as they had tempted him of yore!

The shadowy scents, that oft are wont To flit among the walks and boughs, Seem ghosts of sweethearts here who haunt And wander round each empty house, Wrapped in the fragrance of dead vows.

It was what is said in the bower, a prelude to what will be said in the chamber; a lyrical effusion, strophe and sonnet intermingled, pleasing hyperboles of cooing, all the refinements of adoration arranged in a bouquet and exhaling a celestial perfume, an ineffable twitter of heart to heart.

As he entered, a faint scent came to his nostrils.

"Do you notice something unfamiliar in the smell of the place?"

She thereupon related this adventure."

It was the fragrance of the grape blossom that filled the blackberry field; most sweet, most evanishing, most significant.

The very day that Napoleon issued the order to cross the Niemen, and his vanguard, driving off the Cossacks, crossed the Russian frontier, Alexander spent the evening at the entertainment given by his aides-de-camp at Bennigsen’s country house.

No; I was alone; by my Self; conscious only of an unfathomable quiet; and I stooped and took up one of the ripe fruits that had fallen to the ground.

The air was dense and smelled of earth, and its taste overwhelmed his lingering memory of the wind off the sea.

The bees do not fly in the same way, the smell and the sound that meet the beekeeper are not the same.

The air was increasingly musty now, noticeably smoky from the lamps, and he hurried on, reaching the next landing without stopping.

And the Wind-god's offspring beheld the countenances of those beauteous women, with closed eyes,--having their lashes shut through languor; and odorous with lotus-perfume.

He plunged into its crowd much as a man in the mood might plunge into a whirlpool,--laughing as he plunged, for it was the most intoxicating splurge of color, din and smell that even India, the many-peopled--even Delhi, mother of dynasties--ever had, evolved.

Where are the songs of Summer?--With the sun, Opening the dusky eyelids of the south, Till shade and silence waken up as one, And Morning sings with a warm odorous mouth.

CHAPTER TWELVE The moon was high, bathing the sleeping veranda in a wash of glistening silver, and the air was deliciously moist, heavy with perfume from the garden below.

"You see we smelled mignonette, and followed a common impulse.

If he tried, his pictures seemed incongruous and false.

"She thinks it is 'worldly' to have a cockade on your coachman's hat; it is not worldly to have the coachman, or the carriage, and she don't object to a coat with buttons.

And in thy funeral track Four sorry steeds shall follow in each coach!

“Father,” Cosette asked him one day, “what is there in that box which smells so good?” Father Fauchelevent received other recompense for his good action, in addition to the glory which we just mentioned, and of which he knew nothing; in the first place it made him happy; next, he had much less work, since it was shared.

The very thought of him is to me as the smell of violets; for if in my views of life and in my hopes of the future I differ somewhat from the hard and gloomy teaching of my father, I know that I owe it to the wise words and kindly training of the carpenter.

Mourners kneeling, their hand placed on their blue hair in token of grief, turned towards the catafalques, while shaven priests, leopard-skin on shoulder, burned perfumes in a spatula terminating in a hand bearing a cup under the nose of the godlike dead.

The current of air thus established began to disperse the odour--a fusty one as of something decaying--and by the time that he had changed, it was scarcely perceptible.

This sovereignty may do evil; it can be mistaken like any other; but, even when led astray, it remains great.

O Sugriva, by thy help, the puissant Rama shall speedily slay his foe.

NO GOOD PORTRAIT OF LINCOLN Probably the reader has seen physiognomies (often old farmers, sea-captains, and such) that, behind their homeliness, or even ugliness, held superior points so subtle, yet so palpable, making the real life of their faces almost as impossible to depict as a wild perfume or fruit-taste, or a passionate tone of the living voice--and such was Lincoln's face, the peculiar color, the lines of it, the eyes, mouth, expression.

This was the perfume that came from her life, from her arms and throat and red mouth....

I could swear I have seen them busy, where Roses loose their scented hair, In the moonlight weaving, weaving, Out of starlight and the dew, Glinting gown and shimmering shoe; Or, within a glow-worm lair, From the dark earth slowly heaving Mushrooms whiter than the moon, On whose tops they sit and croon, With their grig-like mandolins, To fair fairy ladykins, Leaning from the window-sill Of a rose or daffodil, Listening to their serenade All of cricket music made.

Neither did she ever go out until after her hair had been dressed, and perfumed water had been poured over her lovely body, while she knelt, her hands crossed upon her bosom.

The air in the building smelled like a biology laboratory during the dissection of frogs.

Lurid as family, fetid as Kumpee’s shoes, here they were and here he was with them; and yet they were his own or what he assumed was his own—the little that he knew of himself.

Whilst Margaret, charm'd by the Bulbul rare, In a garden of Gul reposes-- Poor Peggy hawks nosegays from street to street Till--think of that, who find life so sweet!-- She hates the smell of roses!

While ranging in that woodland fragrant with the odour of many flowers, thou, having thy person wet in consequence of thy sport in the water, didst sit on my lap.

Curiously enough, over fifty per cent.

He wondered if even his friendship with Noppawan was evanescent as a whiff of clouds.

The coffee steamed forth its fragrance upon the air; and Diana poured it into prepared cups of cream and sugar which others brought and carried away; she was glad to stand by the fire if only she might.

She did not believe it; yet perhaps there was life yet at the roots of the grass which scented the rain.

Indeed, if the distance had not been too much, Miss Collins would have walked down to carry the tidings of Diana's indisposition; for, like a true gossip, she scented mischief where she could see none.

There was the fetid powder of stramonium, that grips the lungs like an asthma; and quinia, that shakes its victims like the cold hand of the miasma of the Pontine marshes.

“I have the honor to report to you the actual truth,” said Alpátych.

The pleasant odor of greasy viands mingled with the smell of smoke.

The sprinkling of rain was falling onto him and he could smell the stink of his damp shirt as if the metamorphosis to manhood had made him into the fetid one.

In this a gentleman who had much enjoyed the smell of fried eels, pays for them by exhibiting his money to the owner of the cook-shop.

"And then you cannot think what it was to me, and what it is, to smell the roses again.

The Faubourg Saint-Germain reeks of the fagot even now.

In spite of the surrounding stench of drugs and filthy wounds, there was no mistaking it.

I smelled it as plain as could be.

Yea,' he continued, suddenly shaking his long arm at the troopers, and calling out to them, 'ye are corn ripe for the sickle and waiting only for the reapers!'

Before the dragoon could disengage his weapon, Sir Gervas cut him down, while at the same moment the stranger got past the guard of his antagonist, and wounded him mortally in the throat.

When I entered there was a plaguy smell of brimstone, and the flame of my lanthorn burned blue.

A waft of cooked air floated out into the June sunshine through the letter-box.

Her love was singing like a lark in the blue.

Why, far off as that Indiaman was the clear cool wind seemed to breeze down _hot_ from her with an odour of bamboo and cocoanut rope, and chafing gear wrought from the jungle with strange aromas of oils along with the shriek of the paroquet and the hoarse musings of the macaw.

The pans of milk looked friendly at her; the sweet clean smell of cream carried her back--it seemed ages--to a time when she was as sweet and clean.

Over the whole field, previously so gaily beautiful with the glitter of bayonets and cloudlets of smoke in the morning sun, there now spread a mist of damp and smoke and a strange acid smell of saltpeter and blood.

Moreover, he had been obliged to pass the Dyle on the narrow bridge of Wavre; the street leading to the bridge had been fired by the French, so the caissons and ammunition-wagons could not pass between two rows of burning houses, and had been obliged to wait until the conflagration was extinguished.

_Burn for him the perfumes of Araby!_ exclaimed romance.

The ruts were up to the hubs of the cannons.

She sent by an unknown hand to the house of Mere Malheur a little basket containing a bouquet of roses so beautiful and fragrant that they might have been plucked in the garden of Eden.

An unsatisfied wish makes the rich as poor, in his gilded, brightly painted palace, in the midst of his heaps of grain, of perfumes and precious things, as the most wretched workman of the Memnonia, who sops up with sawdust the blood of the bodies, or the semi-nude negro driving on the Nile his frail papyrus-boat under the burning midday sun."

When Pelleas had finished the bread and fruit, she gave him more wine, and then set to to bathe his hands and face with scented water taken from the tablinum.

"We know it," continued Dr. Cairn softly--"that smell of unholiness; we have good reason to know it.

They marched respectfully backwards while the scented blue smoke rose to the nostrils of the triumphant sovereign, apparently as indifferent to these honours as if he were a god of bronze or basalt.

"'Twas kind o' sudden," said the news-bringer, who was Joe Bartlett; "he was took all to once and jes' dropped--like a ripe chestnut."

But the cool air blowing in on my face and a far-away sniff from a little glass bottle with which her mother had fortified her for the journey, quickly revived me, and I was free to enjoy the novelties of steam-travel.

You smell nothing of life.

The old lion seemed to scent an unknown monster in that gloom.

The rest all arriv'd to years of discretion, and afforded us considerable comfort, as they prov'd to be in a good degree dutiful children.

